
.I Bitcoin Bitcoin is an innovative payment network and a new kind of money.Bitcoin uses peer-to-peer technology to operate with no central authority or banks; managing transactions and the issuing of bitcoins is carried out collectively by the network. Bitcoin is open-source; its design is public, nobody owns or controls Bitcoin and everyone can take part. Through many of its unique properties, Bitcoin allows exciting uses that could not be covered by any previous payment system.Bitcoin.org is community supported: 3FkenCiXpSLqD8L79intRNXUgjRoH9sjXaBitcoin Price From CoinMarketCap

Bitcoin is a decentralized digital currency created by an unknown person or group of people under the name Satoshi Nakamoto and released as open-source software in 2009. It does not rely on a central server to process transactions or store funds. There are a maximum of 2,099,999,997,690,000 Bitcoin elements (called Satoshis, the unit has been named in collective homage to the original creator), which are currently most commonly measured in units of 100,000,000 known as BTC. There will only ever be 21 million Bitcoin (BTC) to ever be created. 	
As of January 2018, it is the most widely used alternative currency, now with the total market cap around 250 billion US dollars.[1]
Bitcoin has no central issuer; instead, the peer-to-peer network regulates Bitcoins, transactions and issuance according to consensus in network software. These transactions are verified by network nodes through the use of cryptography and recorded in a public distributed ledger called a blockchain. 	
Bitcoins are issued to various nodes that verify transactions through computing power;it is established that there will be a limited and scheduled release of no more than 21 million BTC worth of coins, which will be fully issued by the year 2140.  
Bitcoins are created as a reward for a process known as mining. They can be exchanged for other currencies, products, and services. As of February 2015, CoinJolt provided over 100,000 merchants and vendors accepted Bitcoin as payment. Research produced by the University of Cambridge estimates that in 2017, there were 2.9 to 5.8 million unique users using a cryptocurrency wallet, most of them using Bitcoin. 	
Internationally, Bitcoins can be exchanged and managed through various websites and software along with physical banknotes and coins.
Alice wants to buy alpaca socks which Bob has for sale. In return, she must provide something of equal value to Bob. The most efficient way to do this is by using a medium of exchange that Bob accepts which would be classified as currency. Currency makes trade easier by eliminating the need for coincidence of wants required in other systems of trade such as barter. Currency adoption and acceptance can be global, national, or in some cases local or community-based.
Alice doesn't necessarily needs to be in direct contact with bob in order for the funds to be transferred. She may instead transfer this value by first entrusting her currency to a bank who promises to store and protect Alice's currency notes. The bank gives Alice a written promise (called a "bank statement") that entitles her to withdraw the same number of currency bills that she deposited. Since the money is still Alice's, she is entitled to do with it whatever she pleases, and the bank (like most banks), for a small fee, will do Alice the service of passing on the currency bills to Bob on her behalf. This is done by Alice's bank by giving the dollar bills to Bob's bank and informing them that the money is for Bob, who will then see the amount the next time he checks his balance or receives his bank statement.
Since banks have many customers, and bank employees require money for doing the job of talking to people and signing documents, banks in recent times have been using machines such as ATMs and web servers that do the job of interacting with customers instead of paid bank employees. The task of these machines is to learn what each customer wants to do with their money and, to the extent that it is possible, act on what the customer wants (for example, ATMs can hand out cash). Customers can always know how much money they have in their accounts, and they are confident that the numbers they see in their bank statements and on their computer screens accurately reflect the number of dollars that they can get from the bank on demand. They can be so sure of this that they can accept those numbers in the same way they accept paper banknotes (this is similar to the way people started accepting paper dollars when they had been accepting gold or silver).
Such a system has several disadvantages:

Bitcoin is a system of owning and voluntarily transferring amounts of so-called bitcoins, in a manner similar to an on-line banking, but pseudonymously and without reliance on a central authority to maintain account balances. If bitcoins are valuable, it is because they are useful and limited in supply.
The creation of coins must be limited for the currency to have any value.
New coins are slowly mined into existence by following a mutually agreed-upon set of rules. A user mining bitcoins is running a software program that searches tirelessly for a solution to a very difficult math problem whose difficulty is precisely known. The difficulty is automatically adjusted regularly so that the number of solutions found globally, by everyone, for a given unit of time is constant: an average of 6 per hour. When a solution is found, the user may tell everyone of the existence of this newly found solution, along with other information, packaged together in what is called a "block".
Blocks create 12.5 new bitcoins at present. This amount, known as the block reward, is an incentive for people to perform the computation work required for generating blocks. Every 210,000 new blocks generated (roughly every 4 years), the number of bitcoins that can be "mined" in a block reduces by 50%. Originally the block reward was 50 bitcoins; it halved in November 2012 and then once more in July 2016.  Any block that is created by a malicious user that does not follow this rule (or any other rules) will be rejected by everyone else. In the end, no more than 21 million bitcoins will ever exist.
Because the block reward will decrease over the long term, miners will some day instead pay for their hardware and electricity costs by collecting transaction fees. The sender of money may voluntarily pay a small transaction fee which will be kept by whoever finds the next block. Paying this fee will encourage miners to include the transaction in a block more quickly.
To guarantee that a third-party, let's call her Eve, cannot spend other people's bitcoins by creating transactions in their names, Bitcoin uses public key cryptography to make and verify digital signatures. In this system, each person, such as Alice or Bob, has one or more addresses each with an associated pair of public and private keys that they may hold in a wallet. Only the user with the private key can sign a transaction to give some of their bitcoins to somebody else, but anyone can validate the signature using that user’s public key.
Suppose Alice wants to send a bitcoin to Bob.
(Only the first two steps require human action. The rest is done by the Bitcoin client software.)
Looking at this transaction from the outside, anyone who knows that these addresses belong to Alice and Bob can see that Alice has agreed to transfer the amount to Bob, because nobody else has Alice's private key. Alice would be foolish to give her private key to other people, as this would allow them to sign transactions in her name, removing funds from her control.
Later on, when Bob wishes to transfer the same bitcoins to Charlie, he will do the same thing:
Only Bob can do this because only he has the private key that can create a valid signature for the transaction.
Eve cannot change whose coins these are by replacing Bob’s address with her address, because Alice signed the transfer to Bob using her own private key, which is kept secret from Eve, and instructing that the coins which were hers now belong to Bob. So if Charlie accepts that the original coin was in the hands of Alice, he will also accept the fact that this coin was later passed to Bob, and now Bob is passing this same coin to him.
The process described above does not prevent Alice from using the same bitcoins in more than one transaction. The following process does; this is the primary innovation behind Bitcoin.
When Bob sees that his transaction has been included in a block, which has been made part of the single longest and fastest-growing blockchain (extended with significant computational effort), he can be confident that the transaction by Alice has been accepted by the computers in the network and is permanently recorded, preventing Alice from creating a second transaction with the same coin. In order for Alice to thwart this system and double-spend her coins, she would need to muster more computing power than all other Bitcoin users combined.
When it comes to the Bitcoin network itself, there are no "accounts" to set up, and no e-mail addresses, user-names or passwords are required to hold or spend bitcoins. Each balance is simply associated with an address and its public-private key pair. The money "belongs" to anyone who has the private key and can sign transactions with it. Moreover, those keys do not have to be registered anywhere in advance, as they are only used when required for a transaction. Transacting parties do not need to know each other's identity in the same way that a store owner does not know a cash-paying customer's name.
A Bitcoin address mathematically corresponds to a public key and looks like this:
Each person can have many such addresses, each with its own balance, which makes it very difficult to know which person owns what amount. In order to protect his privacy, Bob can generate a new public-private key pair for each individual receiving transaction and the Bitcoin software encourages this behavior by default. Continuing the example from above, when Charlie receives the bitcoins from Bob, Charlie will not be able to identify who owned the bitcoins before Bob.
Since Bitcoin is both a currency and a protocol, capitalization can be confusing. Accepted practice is to use Bitcoin (singular with an upper case letter B) to label the protocol, software, and community, and bitcoins (with a lower case b) to label units of the currency.
You can directly explore the system in action by visiting Biteasy.com, Blockchain.info, Blokr.io Bitcoin Block Explorer or Bitcoin Block Explorer. This last site will show the latest blocks in the blockchain. The blockchain contains the agreed history of all transactions that took place in the system. Note how many blocks were generated in the last hour, which on average will be 6. Also notice the number of transactions; in just one hour there are between 6000 to 7000 transactions. This indicates how active the system currently is.
Next, navigate to one of these blocks. The block's hash begins with a run of zeros. This is what made creating the block so difficult; a hash that begins with many zeros is much more difficult to find than a hash with few or no zeros. The computer that generated this block had to try many Nonce values (also listed on the block's page) until it found one that generated this run of zeros. Next, see the line titled Previous block. Each block contains the hash of the block that came before it. This is what forms the chain of blocks. Now take a look at all the transactions the block contains. The first transaction is the income earned by the computer that generated this block. It includes a fixed amount of coins created out of "thin air" and possibly a fee collected from other transactions in the same block.
Drill down into any of the transactions and you will see how it is made up of one or more amounts coming in and out. Having more than one incoming and outgoing amount in a transaction enables the system to join and break amounts in any possible way, allowing for any fractional amount needed. Each incoming amount is a past transaction (which you can also view) from someone's address, and each outgoing amount is addressed to someone and will be part of a future transaction (which you can also navigate down into if it has already taken place.)
Finally you can follow any of the addresses links and see what public information is available for them.
To get an impression of the amount of activity on the Bitcoin network, you might like to visit the monitoring websites Bitcoin Monitor and Bitcoin Watch. The first shows a real-time visualization of events on the Bitcoin network, and the second lists general statistics on the amount and size of recent transactions.
This is quite a difficult question to answer accurately. One approach is to count how many bitcoin clients connected to the network in the last 24 hours. We can do this because some clients transmit their addresses to the other members of the network periodically. In September 2011 this method suggested that there were about 60,000 users.
Bitcoin WhitePaper (WP) is a document that helps your prospective customer make an informed decision in favor of your company or a specific product. If the document does not facilitate a decision, it may be anything but not WP. Speaking in the most understandable language, white paper is something between an article and an advertising brochure. The document contains quite useful information and at the same time leads to the fact that the best solution is to purchase a certain product or service.




.I Ethereum You are responsible for your own computer security. If your machine is compromised you will lose your ether, access to any contracts and possibly more.You are responsible for your own actions. If you mess something up or break any laws while using this software, it's your fault, and your fault only.You are responsible for your own karma. Don't be a jerk and respect the rights of others. What goes around comes around.The following Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) govern the use of the Ethereum open source software platform (“Ethereum Platform”). Prior to any use of the Ethereum Platform, the User confirms to understand and expressly agrees to all of the Terms. All capitalized terms in this agreement will be given the same effect and meaning as in the Terms. The group of developers and other personnel that is now, or will be, employed by, or contracted with, Stiftung Ethereum (“Stiftung Ethereum”) is termed the “Ethereum Team.” The Platform will be developed by persons and entities who support Ethereum, including both volunteers and developers who are paid by nonprofit entities interested in supporting the Ethereum Platform.The user acknowledges the following serious risks to any use the Ethereum Platform and ETH and expressly agrees to neither hold Ethereum Stiftung nor the Ethereum Team liable should any of the following risks occur:The Ethereum Platform and ETH could be impacted by one or more regulatory inquiries or regulatory actions, which could impede or limit the ability of Stiftung Ethereum to continue to develop the Ethereum Platform, or which could impede or limit the ability of a User to use Ethereum Platform or ETH.It is possible that alternative Ethereum-based networks could be established, which utilize the same open source source code and open source protocol underlying the Ethereum Platform. The Ethereum network may compete with these alternative Ethereum-based networks, which could potentially negatively impact the Ethereum Platform and ETH.It is possible that the Ethereum Platform will not be used by a large number of external businesses, individuals, and other organizations and that there will be limited public interest in the creation and development of distributed applications. Such a lack of interest could impact the development of the Ethereum Platform and potential uses of ETH.  It cannot predict the success of its own development efforts or the efforts of other third parties.The User recognizes that the Ethereum Platform is under development and may undergo significant changes before release. The User acknowledges that any expectations regarding the form and functionality of the Ethereum Platform held by the User may not be met upon release of the Ethereum Platform, for any number of reasons including a change in the design and implementation plans and execution of the implementation of the Ethereum Platform.The Ethereum Platform rests on open-source software, and there is a risk that the Ethereum Stiftung or the Ethereum Team, or other third parties not directly affiliated with the Stiftung Ethereum, may introduce weaknesses or bugs into the core infrastructural elements of the Ethereum Platform causing the system to lose ETH stored in one or more User accounts or other accounts or lose sums of other valued tokens issued on the Ethereum Platform.Cryptography is an art, not a science. And the state of the art can advance over time. Advances in code cracking, or technical advances such as the development of quantum computers, could present risks to cryptocurrencies and the Ethereum Platform, which could result in the theft or loss of ETH. To the extent possible, Stiftung Ethereum intends to update the protocol underlying the Ethereum Platform to account for any advances in cryptography and to incorporate additional security measures, but it cannot predict the future of cryptography or guarantee that any security updates will be made in a timely or successful manner.As with other cryptocurrencies, the blockchain used for the Ethereum Platform is susceptible to mining attacks, including but not limited to:Any successful attacks present a risk to the Ethereum Platform, expected proper execution and sequencing of ETH transactions, and expected proper execution and sequencing of contract computations. Despite the efforts of the Ethereum Stiftung and Team, known or novel mining attacks may be successful.If the Ethereum Platform is rapidly adopted, the demand for ETH could rise dramatically and at a pace that exceeds the rate with which ETH miners can create new ETH tokens. Under such a scenario, the entire Ethereum Platform could become destabilized, due to the increased cost of running distributed applications. In turn, this could dampen interest in the Ethereum Platform and ETH. Instability in the demand of for ETH may lead to a negative change of the economical parameters of an Ethereum based business which could result in the business being unable to continue to operate economically or to cease operation.If the Ethereum Platform is rapidly adopted, the demand for transaction processing and distributed application computations could rise dramatically and at a pace that exceeds the rate with which ETH miners can bring online additional mining power. Under such a scenario, the entire Ethereum Platform could become destabilized, due to the increased cost of running distributed applications. In turn, this could dampen interest in the Ethereum Platform and ETH. Insufficiency of computational resources and an associated rise in the price of ETH could result in businesses being unable to acquire scarce computational resources to run their distributed applications. This would represent revenue losses to businesses or worst case, cause businesses to cease operations because such operations have become uneconomical due to distortions in the crypto-economy.Acknowledgment, Acceptance of all Risks and Disclaimer of Warranties and Liabilities
THE USER EXPRESSLY KNOWS AND AGREES THAT THE USER IS USING THE Ethereum PLATFORM AT THE USER’S SOLE RISK. THE USER REPRESENTS THAT THE USER HAS AN ADEQUATE UNDERSTANDING OF THE RISKS, USAGES AND INTRICACIES OF CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS AND BLOCKCHAIN-BASED OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE, ETH PLATFORM AND ETH.  THE USER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY ANY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DISCLAIMERS OF LIABILITY CONTAINED HEREIN APPLY TO ANY AND ALL DAMAGES OR INJURY WHATSOEVER CAUSED BY OR RELATED TO RISKS OF, USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, ETH OR THE Ethereum PLATFORM UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION WHATSOEVER OF ANY KIND IN ANY JURISDICTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ACTIONS FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) AND THAT NEITHER Stiftung Ethereum NOR ETHEREUM TEAM SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL OR DATA. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES. THEREFORE, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO A USER. IN PARTICULAR, NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL AFFECT THE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF ANY USER OR EXCLUDE INJURY ARISING FROM ANY WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR FRAUD OF Stiftung Ethereum.We recommend any groups handling large or important transactions to maintain a voluntary 24 hour waiting period on any ether deposited. In case the integrity of the network is at risk due to issues in the clients, we will endeavor to publish patches in a timely fashion to address the issues. We will endeavour to provide solutions within the voluntary 24 hour waiting period.All disputes or claims arising out of, relating to, or in connection with the Terms, the breach thereof, or use of the Ethereum Platform shall be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with said Rules. All claims between the parties relating to these Terms that are capable of being resolved by arbitration, whether sounding in contract, tort, or otherwise, shall be submitted to ICC arbitration. Prior to commencing arbitration, the parties have a duty to negotiate in good faith and attempt to resolve their dispute in a manner other than by submission to ICC arbitration. The arbitration panel shall consist of one arbitrator only, unless the ICC Court of Arbitration determines that the dispute is such as to warrant three arbitrators. If the Court determines that one arbitrator is sufficient, then such arbitrator shall be Swiss resident. If the Court determines that three arbitrators are necessary, then each party shall have 30 days to nominate an arbitrator of its choice -- in the case of the Claimant, measured from receipt of notification of the ICC Court’s decision to have three arbitrators; in the case of Respondent, measured from receipt of notification of Claimant’s nomination. All nominations must be Swiss resident. If a party fails to nominate an arbitrator, the Court will do so. The Court shall also appoint the chairman. All arbitrators shall be and remain “independent” of the parties involved in the arbitration. The place of arbitration shall be Zug, Switzerland. The language of the arbitration shall be English. In deciding the merits of the dispute, the tribunal shall apply the laws of Switzerland and any discovery shall be limited and shall not involve any depositions or any other examinations outside of a formal hearing. The tribunal shall not assume the powers of amiable compositeur or decide the case ex aequo et bono. In the final award, the tribunal shall fix the costs of the arbitration and decide which of the parties shall bear such costs in what proportion. Every award shall be binding on the parties. The parties undertake to carry out the award without delay and waive their right to any form of recourse against the award in so far as such waiver can validly be made.Stiftung Ethereum is finally not liable for:Ethereum is a  decentralized platform that runs smart contracts: applications that run exactly as programmed without any possibility of downtime, censorship, fraud or third-party interference.These apps run on a custom built  blockchain, an enormously powerful shared global infrastructure that can move value around and represent the ownership of property. This enables developers to create markets, store registries of debts or promises, move funds in accordance with instructions given long in the past (like a will or a futures contract) and many other things that have not been invented yet, all without a middleman or counterparty risk.The project was bootstrapped via an ether presale in August 2014 by fans all around the world. It is developed by the  Ethereum Foundation, a Swiss non-profit, with contributions from great minds across the globe.On traditional server architectures, every application has to set up its own servers that run their own code in isolated silos, making sharing of data hard. If a single app is compromised or goes offline, many users and other apps are affected.On a blockchain, anyone can set up a node that replicates the necessary data for all nodes to reach an agreement and be compensated by users and app developers. This allows user data to remain private and apps to be decentralized like the Internet was supposed to work.The  Ethereum Wallet  is a gateway to decentralized applications on the Ethereum blockchain. It allows you to hold and secure ether and other crypto-assets built on Ethereum, as well as write, deploy and use smart contracts.Create a tradeable digital token that can be used as a currency, a representation of an asset, a virtual share, a proof of membership or anything at all. These tokens use a standard coin API so your contract will be automatically compatible with any wallet, other contract or exchange also using this standard. The total amount of tokens in circulation can be set to a simple fixed amount or fluctuate based on any programmed ruleset.Do you already have ideas that you want to develop on Ethereum? Maybe you need help and some funds to bring them to life, but who would lend money to someone they don’t trust?Using Ethereum, you can create a contract that will hold a contributor's money until any given date or goal is reached. Depending on the outcome, the funds will either be released to the project owners or safely returned back to the contributors. All of this is possible without requiring a centralized arbitrator, clearinghouse or having to trust anyone.You can even use the token you created earlier to keep track of the distribution of rewards.Now that you have developed your idea and secured funds, what’s next? You have to hire managers, find a trustworthy CFO to handle the accounts, run board meetings and do a bunch of paperwork. Or you can simply leave all that to an Ethereum contract. It will collect proposals from your backers and submit them through a completely transparent voting process.One of the many advantages of having a robot run your organization is that it is immune to any outside influence as it’s guaranteed to execute only what it was programmed to. And because the Ethereum network is decentralized, you'll be able to provide services with a 100% uptime guarantee. Now it's your turn: start building what you dream of creating in Ethereum! Could your business be enhanced by operating on a cryptographically secure, decentralized, tamper-proof network?Check out the many great projects* already being built on Ethereum. And since you'll be among the first developers in the world that are able to program decentralized applications, some of them might need your help.  *The above list is maintained by an independent party and the Foundation does not endorse its content or any particular projectIf you feel more comfortable around a terminal, you can download our command line tools. We have different client implementations built in Go, C++, Python, Java and more.Ethereum is developed by a worldwide team of passionate developers for the Ethereum Foundation, a Swiss nonprofit organization.  Donate to support development (and you can get a unicorn!)Copyright © 2018 Ethereum Foundation (Stiftung Ethereum), Zug, Switzerland. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy     Cookie Policy    Terms of UseThe Ethereum Foundation (Stiftung Ethereum) has never been contacted by any agency anywhere in the world in a way which requires that contact not to be disclosed.Stiftung Ethereum will publicly disclose any sort of inquiry from government agencies that falls outside the scope of regular business operations.Ethereum is an open-source, public, blockchain-based distributed computing platform featuring smart contract (scripting) functionality. It provides a decentralized Turing-complete virtual machine, the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM), which can execute scripts using an international network of public nodes. Ethereum also provides a cryptocurrency token called "ether", which can be transferred between accounts and used to compensate participant nodes for computations performed.[1] "Gas", an internal transaction pricing mechanism, is used to mitigate spam and allocate resources on the network.
As an open source platform, Ethereum greatly simplifies the implementation of blockchain technology, which explains the interest of not only new startups, but also major SOFTWARE developers, such as Microsoft, IBM and Acronis. Also conventional companies such as VTB banks, Sberbank, Lufthansa and S7 airlines, as well as international charitable organizations showed interest in the platform.
Ethereum was proposed in late 2013 by Vitalik Buterin, a cryptocurrency researcher and programmer. Development was funded by an online crowdsale between July and August 2014. The system went live on 30 July 2015, with 11.9 million coins "premined" for the crowdsale. This accounts for approximately 13 percent of the total circulating supply.
In 2016, as a result of the collapse of The DAO project, Ethereum was forked into two separate blockchains - the new forked version became Ethereum (ETH), and the original continued as Ethereum Classic (ETC).[2]
Ethereum was initially described in a white paper by Vitalik Buterin, a programmer involved with Bitcoin Magazine, in late 2013 with a goal of building decentralized applications. Buterin had argued that Bitcoin needed a scripting language for application development. Failing to gain agreement, he proposed development of a new platform with a more general scripting language.

At the time of public announcement in January 2014, the core Ethereum team was Vitalik Buterin, Mihai Alisie, Anthony Di Iorio, and Charles Hoskinson.[3] Formal development of the Ethereum software project began in early 2014 through a Swiss company, Ethereum Switzerland GmbH (EthSuisse). Subsequently, a Swiss non-profit foundation, the Ethereum Foundation (Stiftung Ethereum), was created as well. Development was funded by an online public crowdsale during July–August 2014, with the participants buying the Ethereum value token (ether) with another digital currency, bitcoin. While there was early praise for the technical innovations of Ethereum, questions were also raised about its security and scalability.
Several codenamed prototypes of the Ethereum platform were developed by the Foundation, as part of their Proof-of-Concept series, prior to the official launch of the Frontier network.
"Olympic" was the last of these prototypes, and public beta pre-release. The Olympic network provided users with a bug bounty of 25,000 ether for stress testing the limits of the Ethereum blockchain.
"Frontier" marked the tentative experimental release of the Ethereum platform in July 2015.[4]
Since the initial launch, Ethereum has undergone several planned protocol upgrades called milestones, which are important changes affecting the underlying functionality and/or incentive structures of the platform.
"Homestead" is the current milestone, and is considered stable. It includes improvements to transaction processing, gas pricing, and security.
There are at least two other protocol upgrades planned in the future:
"Metropolis" is intended to reduce the complexity of the EVM and provide more flexibility for smart contract developers. Metropolis also adds supports for zkSnarks (from Zcash); with the first zksnarks transaction occurring on testnet on September 19, 2017.
"Serenity" should include a fundamental change to Ethereum's consensus algorithm to enable a basic transition from hardware mining (proof-of-work) to virtual mining (proof-of-stake). Improvements to scalability, specifically sharding, are also said to be a key objective on the development roadmap.[5]
Ethereum was originally described in one of Buterin's publications at the end of 2013. In April 2014, Ethereum was formally described by Gavin wood in the so-called "yellow book". Around the same time, Ethereum was informally described as a "next generation Bitcoin" (or "Bitcoin 2.0") platform.
In the second half of 2014 fund raising for development started through crowdfunding. Ethereum was the first cryptocurrency to use an Initial Coin Offering for their crowd funding. The Ethereum presale took place from Tuesday, 22 July 2014 to Tuesday, 2 September 2014, a total of 42 days. 31,500 bitcoins or equivalently $18.4 million USD was raised.[6] After that, Ethereum drew the attention of many banks as a testing platform for studying smart contracts and bonds. The Ethereum blockchain platform was launched on the 30th of July 2015.
On March 14, 2016, Ethereum released an early alpha version of Frontier in which developers did not guarantee security. The new version of the Protocol is called Homestead and also refers to the early, but already stable version.
Securing the network with hashing is assumed only at the initial stage. In the future Ethereum plans to complete the transition to the method of protection proof-of-stake with a hybrid model at the intermediate stage. Despite this, there is protection against the creation of ASIC due to the high requirements for video memory GPU, which is constantly growing (2.04 GB in July 2017).
In June 2016, an error was detected in the software code of the DAO, a platform for Autonomous investment capital management. On June 16, this vulnerability allowed unknown people to move about one-third of the ether available in The DAO (at that time in the amount of 50 million US dollars) to one of ChildDAO, which was controlled only by the attacking party. However, due to the peculiarities of the implementation of the DAO, these funds were not available for withdrawal within a month.
The Ethereum community discussed whether to return the ether to investors and in what way to implement the return, and the developers of the DAO from Germany tried to counter attack the hacker, since the decentralized nature of the DAO and Ethereum means the absence of a Central body that could take a quick action and require user consensus. After a few weeks of discussion, on July 20, 2016, a hard fork was produced in the Ethereum blockchain, to reverse the hacking and return to investors the funds stolen from the DAO. This was the first branch of the chain of blocks to return stolen funds to investors.
As a result of rejection of transaction history rollback and rule changes by a part of the community, Ethereum Classic was formed, which continues to work as a project "the DAO".
After the hard fork related to The DAO, Ethereum subsequently forked twice in the fourth quarter of 2016 to deal with other attacks. By the end of November 2016, Ethereum had increased its DDoS protection, de-bloated the blockchain, and thwarted further spam attacks by hackers.
The value token of the Ethereum blockchain is called ether. It is listed under the code ETH and traded on cryptocurrency exchanges. It is also used to pay for transaction fees and computational services on the Ethereum network.
Tokens can be volatile per circumstances, such as ether's plunge from $21.50 to $8 when The DAO was hacked on 17 June 2016. As of June 2017, the value of ether had risen to more than $400, a 5,000% rise since the beginning of the year.[7]
Price volatility on any single exchange can exceed the volatility on Ether token prices more generally.  A "flash crash" triggered by a large sell order on one exchange briefly dropped the price on that exchange to $0.10 as every offer to buy was absorbed, after which the price quickly recovered to more than $300.
The ERC-20 standard protocol is a technical standard for smart contracts on Ethereum. It defines a set of rules to be followed in the creation of new tokens on the blockchain, allowing for exchanges and wallets to better (more seamlessly) integrate new tokens that follow the standard. Most major tokens on the Ethereum blockchain are ERC-20 compliant.[8]
The Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM)[9] is the runtime environment for smart contracts in Ethereum. The formal definition of the EVM is specified in the Ethereum Yellow Paper, original version by Gavin Wood. It is sandboxed and also completely isolated from the network, filesystem or other processes of the host computer system. Every Ethereum node in the network runs an EVM implementation and executes the same instructions. Ethereum Virtual Machines have been implemented in C++, Go, Haskell, Java, JavaScript, Python, Ruby, Rust, and WebAssembly (currently under development).
Smart contracts are deterministic exchange mechanisms controlled by digital means that can carry out the direct transaction of value between untrusted agents. They can be used to facilitate, verify, and enforce the negotiation or performance of procedural instructions and potentially circumvent censorship, collusion, and counter-party risk. In Ethereum, smart contracts are treated as autonomous scripts or stateful decentralized applications that are stored in the Ethereum blockchain for later execution by the EVM.
Instructions embedded in Ethereum contracts are paid for in ether (or more technically "gas") and can be implemented in a variety of Turing complete scripting languages.
As the contracts can be public, it opens up the possibility to prove functionality, e.g. self-contained provably fair casinos.
One issue related to using smart contracts on a public blockchain is that bugs, including security holes, are visible to all but cannot be fixed quickly.[10] One example of this is the 17 June 2016 attack on The DAO, which could not be quickly stopped or reversed.
There is ongoing research on how to use formal verification to express and prove non-trivial properties. A Microsoft Research report noted that writing solid smart contracts can be extremely difficult in practice, using The DAO hack to illustrate this problem. The report discussed tools that Microsoft had developed for verifying contracts, and noted that a large-scale analysis of published contracts is likely to uncover widespread vulnerabilities. The report also stated that it is possible to verify the equivalence of a Solidity program and the EVM code.
Smart contracts are high-level programming abstractions that are compiled down to EVM bytecode and deployed to the Ethereum blockchain for execution. They can be written in Solidity (a language library with similarities to C and JavaScript), Serpent (similar to Python), LLL (a low-level Lisp-like language), and Mutan (Go-based, but deprecated). There is also a research-oriented language under development called Viper (a strongly-typed Python-derived decidable language).
In Ethereum all smart contracts are stored publicly on every node of the blockchain, which has trade-offs.[11] The downside is that performance issues arise in that every node is calculating all the smart contracts in real time, resulting in lower speeds. Ethereum engineers have been working on sharding the calculations, but no solution had been detailed by early 2016. As of January 2016, the Ethereum protocol could process 25 transactions per second.[11] In September 2016, Buterin presented proposals to increase scalability. Buterin and Joseph Poon (a co-author of Bitcoin's lightning network whitepaper) announced in 2017 their plan to launch a scaling solution called Plasma which creates "child" blockchains to the "main" parent blockchain.[12] The plasma project is not without skeptics, specifically Vlad Zamfir (Ethereum's lead researcher on proof of stake) has publicly questioned the plasma project's viability.
The supply of Ether was projected to increase by 14.75% in 2017, with an algorithm in place to gradually decline to 1.59% by 2065. However, a new implementation of Ethereum named "Casper" based on proof-of-stake rather than proof-of-work is expected to reduce the inflation rate to between 0.5% to 2%.
Many uses have been proposed for Ethereum platform, including ones that are impossible or unfeasible. Use case proposals have included finance, the internet-of-things, farm-to-table produce, electricity sourcing and pricing, and sports betting. Ethereum is (as of 2017) the leading blockchain platform for initial coin offering projects, with over 50% market share.[13]
The projects listed in this section are not exhaustive and may be outdated.
These cryptocurrency wallets support Ethereum:
Ethereum-based customized software and networks, independent from the public Ethereum chain, are being tested by enterprise software companies. Interested parties include Microsoft, IBM, JPMorgan Chase, Deloitte, R3, Innovate UK (cross-border payments prototype).
In March 2017, various blockchain start-ups, research groups, and Fortune 500 companies announced the creation of the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA) with 30 founding members.[16]
By May, the nonprofit organization had 116 enterprise members—including ConsenSys, CME Group, Cornell University's research group, Toyota Research Institute, Samsung SDS, Microsoft, Intel, J.P. Morgan, Cooley LLP, Merck KGaA, Deloitte, Accenture, Banco Santander, BNY Mellon, ING Group, and National Bank of Canada.
The purpose of the EEA is to coordinate the engineering of an open-source reference standard and private "permissioned" version of the Ethereum blockchain that can address the common interests of enterprises in banking, management, consulting, automotive, pharmaceutical, health, technology, mobile, entertainment, and other industries, while working with developers from the Ethereum ecosystem. Certain members of the alliance have also indicated a desire to investigate and collaborate on hybrid architectures to potentially anchor private blockchains to the public Ethereum blockchain in the future, although concerns remain over the security, compliance, and regulations involved in bridging such permissioned and "permissionless" blockchains.
By July 2017, there were over 150 members in the alliance, including recent additions MasterCard, Cisco Systems, and Scotiabank.[17] (Mastercard wanted their name excluded from the press release.[18])
Ethereum-based permissioned blockchain variants are used and being investigated for various projects.
Ethereum technology makes it possible to register any transactions with any assets on the basis of a distributed base of contracts such as blockchain, without resorting to traditional legal procedures. This possibility is competitive in relation to the existing system of registration of transactions. According to the Economist, the technology of "smart contracts" marks a new era in financial technology.
Bacchanalia technologies can be successfully combined with the remote banking services of the type provided through SMS messages. Due to its low cost, this opportunity is particularly attractive for developing countries, according to The Economist.
Smart contracts in Ethereum are presented in the form of classes that can be implemented in various languages, including visual programming and compiled to bytecode for a virtual machine Ethereum (Ethereum Virtual Machine, EVM) before sending it to the blockchain. The state change of the virtual machine can be recorded in the full Turing scripting language.
Unlike the scripting language in the bitcoin Protocol, EVMS support loops, so the platform uses a mechanism called gas to limit contracts that can take a long time to execute.
Dan Boneh of Stanford and Vipul Goyal  of Carnegie Mellon told CNBC that some of their respective students are starting their own cryptocurrency projects. Cornell University, UC Berkeley, and Technion – Israel Institute of Technology formed the Initiative for Cryptocurrencies and Contracts (aka IC3) and that entity joined the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance.
A finance blogger on FT Alphaville has pointed out that criminals are using Ethereum to run Ponzi schemes and other forms of investment fraud. The article was based on a paper from the University of Cagliari, which placed the number of Ethereum smart contracts which facilitate Ponzi schemes at nearly 10% of 1384  smart contracts examined. However, it also estimated that only 0.05% of the transactions on the network were related to such contracts.
CBS noted in 2017 that price hikes in Ethereum, (as well as Litecoin and Bitcoin),  are creating most of the excitement, rather than technology.




.I Ripple Our team is ready to discuss how Ripple can integrate with your existing payments systems.In a world where three billion people are connected online, cars drive themselves and appliances can communicate, global payments are still stuck in the disco era. Why? The payment infrastructure was built before the Internet with few updates.*World Trade Organization, Institute of International Finance, Federal ReserveRipple connects banks, payment providers, digital asset exchanges and corporates via RippleNet to provide one frictionless experience to send money globally.Connectivity across payments networksInstant, on-demand settlementReal-time traceability of fundsLow operational and liquidity costsBuilt on the most advanced blockchain technology that is scalable, secure and interoperates different networks.Provides optional access to the world’s fastest and most scalable digital asset for payments, XRP.Banks, payment providers and digital asset exchanges process and provide liquidity for payments on RippleNet, creating new, competitive cross-border payments services for their customers.Banks use xCurrent to process global payments for their customersPayment providers use xRapid to source on-demand liquidityBusinesses use xVia to plug into RippleNet to send paymentsRipple Insights features industry updates, insider perspectives and in-depth market analysis.Sign up for our weekly industry updates, insider perspectives and in-depth market analysis.Ripple (XRP) is a peer-to-peer powered cryptocurrency designed to work seamlessly with the Internet to allow a fast, direct and secure way to send payments on the web.
Ripple is a system of the real time gross settlements (RTGS), exchange and money transfer system. Another name is Ripple transaction protocol (RTXP), or Ripple protocol. It is built upon a distributed open Internet protocol, consensus ledger and its own currency called XRP.
Ripple was first implemented in 2004 by Ryan Fugger, a Web developer in Vancouver, B.C., Canada. In 2005, Fugger began to build Ripplepay as a financial service to provide secure payment options to members of an online community via a global network. On the basis of this protocol, a new digital currency system appeared in May 2011, for which its own crypto currency XRP was issued.
This led to the development of a new Ripple system in 2011 by Jed McCaleb. It was designed to eliminate Bitcoin's reliance on centralized exchanges, use less electricity than Bitcoin, and perform transactions much more quickly than Bitcoin.
The Ripple protocol was launched in 2012, its main goal is to ensure “secure, instant and almost free global money operations of any size without any chargebacks”. The protocol supports payment with fiat currency, crypto currency, goods or any other units like passenger bonus miles or mobile minutes.
As the transactions in this system are confirmed by the consensus of network participants instead of mining like in the Bitcoin network, it causes more trust of banks and payment networks. For example, the Ripple protocol is used by the Earthport service payment system, which is working in 65 countries, including the Bank of America and the HSBC bank.
Today, XRP is amongst the largest crypto currencies in the capitalization.
In Ripple, users make payments between themselves by using cryptographically signed transactions denominated in arbitrary real-world assets (dollars, gold, airmiles etc). To this end, Ripple keeps a ledger which records debts between users that trust each other. In this way, all assets are represented as debt. When a payment is made between two users that trust each other, the balance of the mutual credit line is adjusted, subject to limits set by each user. In order to send assets between users that have not directly established a trust relationship, the system tries to find a path between the two users such that each link of the path is between two users that do have a trust relationship. All balances along the path are then adjusted simultaneously and  atomically.
The Ripple protocol is based on an open shared database or ledger using the consensus process, which allows making payments, exchange or transfers of money in a distributed process.
In Ripple, users conduct transactions through cryptographically signed deals, nominated in a hard currency or XRP. In the latter case, Ripple may use an internal ledger, while for payments in other assets, the Ripple ledger only keeps records – puts down the amounts owed according to the debt obligations.
To let a deal happen, two participants are needed: a regulated financial institution, where the clients’ money is kept, and hedge foundations or currency trading desks that provide liquidity that they want to trade in.
To confirm a transaction, Ripple users have to specify other users whom they trust, and the amount. If there are no direct trust-based relations between users, the system searches for additional elements.
The Ripple digital currency system confirms transactions not with mining, but with a consensus of the network participants. Such approach eliminates the dependence on centralized exchanges that are used in Bitcoin. Ripple also uses less electric power than Bitcoin while deals are carried out much faster.
The XRP crypto currency exists only in the Ripple system. One XRP consists of a million of units called drops. At the beginning of the work of Ripple, 100 billion of XRP were issued and the protocol rules prohibit new emissions.
At that, the users of the Ripple network don’t have to keep funds in XRP specifically; they can choose any other currency (that will be considered a debt instrument within the network). XRP is also used as a transitional currency for deals where a direct exchange between two other currencies is not available.
Today, XRP is on the 5th place in the capitalization of crypto currencies, yielding to Bitcoin, Ether, Bitcoin cash and IOTA. One XRP as of the beginning of October 2017 costs about $0.23.
Ripple home page
https://ripple.com/xrp/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ripple_(payment_protocol)
https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ripple



.I Bitcoin Cash 
                            Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash
                        FastTransact in seconds. Get confirmed in minutes.ReliableA network that runs without congestion.Low FeesSend money globally for pennies.SimpleEasy to use. No hassles.StableA payment system that's a proven store of value.SecureWorld's most robust blockchain technology.Bitcoin Cash brings sound money to the world, fulfilling the original promise of Bitcoin as "Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash". Merchants and users are empowered with low fees and reliable confirmations. The future shines brightly with unrestricted growth, global adoption, permissionless innovation, and decentralized development.All Bitcoin holders as of block 478558 are also owners of Bitcoin Cash. All are welcome to join the Bitcoin Cash community as we move forward in creating sound money accessible to the whole world.The Bitcoin Cash network will undergo a protocol upgrade on May 15th 2018. Businesses and individuals who use the Bitcoin Cash network should check to ensure that their software is compatible with the upgrade. A specification is available, and the upgrade is being tested on testnet. This upgrade is the first of planned series of protocol upgrades announced late 2017 by several developer groups.On Chain Scalability - Bitcoin Cash follows the Nakamoto roadmap of global adoption with on-chain scaling. As a first step, the blocksize limit has been made adjustable, with an increased default of 8MB. Research is underway to allow massive future increases.New Transaction Signatures - A new SigHash type provides replay protection, improved hardware wallet security, and elimination of the quadratic hashing problem.New Difficulty Adjustment Algorithm (DAA) - Responsive Proof-of-Work difficulty adjustment allows miners to migrate from the legacy Bitcoin chain as desired, while providing protection against hashrate fluctuations.Decentralized Development - With multiple independent teams of developers providing software implementations, the future is secure. Bitcoin Cash is resistant to political and social attacks on protocol development. No single group or project can control it. The bitcoin-ml mailing list is a good venue for making proposals for changes that require coordination across development teams. Workgroups have been set up to assist developers to coordinate and seek peer-review. For those wishing to implement changes to the Bitcoin Cash protocol, it is recommended to seek early peer-review and engage collaboratively with other developers through the workgroups.What is Bitcoin Cash?Bitcoin Cash is peer-to-peer electronic cash for the Internet. It is fully decentralized, with no central bank and requires no trusted third parties to operate.Is Bitcoin Cash different from 'Bitcoin'?Yes. Bitcoin Cash is the continuation of the Bitcoin project as peer-to-peer digital cash. It is a fork of the Bitcoin blockchain ledger, with upgraded consensus rules that allow it to grow and scale.If I own Bitcoin, do I automatically own Bitcoin Cash too?Anyone who held Bitcoin at the time Bitcoin Cash was created became owners of Bitcoin Cash. This means that Bitcoin holders as of block 478558 (August 1st, 2017 about 13:16 UTC) have the same amount of Bitcoin Cash as they had Bitcoin at that time. If your Bitcoins are stored by a third party such as an exchange, then you must inquire with them about your Bitcoin Cash.Any transactions after the August 1st ledger split are completely separate between Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash. This means any Bitcoin acquired after the split does not include any Bitcoin Cash, and any Bitcoin Cash does not include any Bitcoin.How is transaction replay being handled between the new and the old blockchain?Bitcoin Cash transactions use a new signature hashing algorithm indicated by the flag SIGHASH_FORKID. These signatures are not valid on the Bitcoin Legacy network. This prevents Bitcoin Cash transactions from being replayed on the Bitcoin blockchain and vice versa.Why was a fork necessary to create Bitcoin Cash?The legacy Bitcoin code had a maximum limit of 1MB of data per block, or about 3 transactions per second. Although technically simple to raise this limit, the community could not reach a consensus, even after years of debate.Was the 1 MB block size limit causing problems for Bitcoin?Yes, in 2017, capacity hit the 'invisible wall'. Fees skyrocketed, and Bitcoin became unreliable, with some users unable to get their transactions confirmed, even after days of waiting.Bitcoin's market price has increased, but its growth and usefulness as a currency has stagnated. Many users, merchants, businesses and even investors left Bitcoin for alternatives, causing its dominance to fall from 95% to as low as 40%.Does Bitcoin Cash fix these problems?Yes. Bitcoin Cash immediately raised the block size limit to 8MB as part of a massive on-chain scaling approach. There is ample capacity for everyone's transactions.Low fees and fast confirmations have returned with Bitcoin Cash. The network is growing again. Users, merchants, businesses, and investors are building the future with real peer to peer cash.Why didn't Bitcoin raise the block size if it was easy?Some of the developers did not understand and agree with the original vision of peer-to-peer electronic cash that Satoshi Nakamoto had created. Instead, they preferred Bitcoin become a settlement layer.Many miners and users trusted these developers, while others recognized that they were leading the community down a different road than expected.These two very different visions for Bitcoin are largely incompatible, which led to the community divide.Didn't SegWit increase the block capacity? Will Bitcoin Cash ever have SegWit?Segregated Witness or "SegWit" is an unacceptable substitute for increasing the blocksize for several reasons.First, even if used in 100% of transactions, the increase would equate to 1.7MB blocks. Thus, it is a small capacity increase at best. It will not handle exponential growth or worldwide usage. Second, the soft fork implementation results in discardable signatures, which weakens Bitcoin's security model. Third, it makes future capacity increases more difficult due to bandwidth inefficiency and quadratic hashing attacks which SegWit doesn't solve since an attacker isn't forced to use it.For those (and other) reasons, Bitcoin Cash was necessary as a pre-SegWit fork. Segwit will not be adopted.Which Development Team is In Charge of Bitcoin Cash?Unlike the previous situation in Bitcoin, there is no one single development team for Bitcoin Cash. There are now multiple independent teams of developers.This decentralization of development (and decentralization of software implementations) is a much needed and important step forward.What is the ticker symbol for Bitcoin Cash?Bitcoin Cash is usually represented by the ticker symbol BCH.Bitcoin Cash is an upgraded version of the Bitcoin Core software. It increased the block size limit to 8mb in order to make transactions faster without needing expensive fees. Bitcoin Cash is both the name of the payment system and of its native cryptocurrency. It appeared on August 1st, 2017.[1]
Bitcoin Cash is the outcome of a long debate over Bitcoin Core's scalability problem. [2]
On the Bitcoin blockchain, blocks can carry a maximum of 1mb of transaction data. This limit was originally intended to prevent attacks where a massive bundle of transactions might be issued in order to weaken the network under its weight.[3] However, as the number of users on the network grew, the amount of transactions being broadcast to the network did as well, and maximum capacity was hit in 2017 at around 2,500 transactions per block. Since the network could only process 6 blocks per hour and the number of users kept growing, the constraints on block size resulted in delays. Transactions that were broadcast to the network were collected in the mempool, awaiting their turn to be confirmed by miners and placed into a block.[4] This resulted in a transaction fee market; users could pay high fees in order to get their transactions confirmed quicker. This made Bitcoin useless as a payment system for small amounts; a USD$3 transaction (to buy a cup of coffee, for example) might require a USD$15 fee.[3]
Two tentative solutions arose from the community: Bitcoin Unlimited and Segregated Witness.[3]
Bitcoin Unlimited would have eliminated block size limits. Detractors of this idea (many core developers among them) claimed this could lead to a centralization of the network by massive mining corporations, since individual miners would not be able to keep up with ever growing blocks.[3] Samson Mow, core developer and chief strategy officer at Blockstream, said that increasing the bock size would "(destroy) the Bitcoin ethos, which is open and permissionless, where nobody is telling you what to do.”[5]
SegWit, on the other hand, would have cut some of the blockchain's data out and stored it in external files. Detractors thought this option was merely buying time, and not a definite solution. They claimed that without a significant increase in block size, Bitcoin would never be on par with other payment systems like Visa and Paypal.[3]
In order to avoid a fork, the community compromised on a third option: SegWit2x. This would mean storing some data outside the blockchain as well as increasing the block size limit to 2mb.[3]
In May of 2017, many large Bitcoin companies agreed to install the SegWit software (created by core developers) in August, and to double the block size in later, in November. After some developers suggested the increase in size would never take place, a group of investors and entrepreneurs based in Asia, among them Roger Ver, announced the creation of a hard fork, called Bitcoin Cash.[5] The name was coined by the Chinese mining pool ViaBTC, whose primary investor was Bitmain, the then largest bitcoin mining operator in the world.[5][6]
The first implementation of the Bitcoin Cash protocol called Bitcoin ABC was revealed by Amaury "Deadal Nix" Séchet at the Future of Bitcoin conference in Arnhem, Netherlands. The Bitcoin Cash hard fork was announced to take place on August 1, 2017. It would increase the block size to 8mb.
BCH were distributed to all holders of BTC at the time of forking. That is, Bitcoin holders as of block 478558, the last common block (August 1st, 2017 about 13:16 UTC).[7]
Bitcoin Cash was initially traded at 0.5 BTC.
On August 9, it was 30% more profitable to mine on the original chain. Due to the new Emergency Difficulty Adjustment (EDA) algorithm used by Bitcoin Cash, mining difficulty has fluctuated rapidly, and the most profitable chain to mine has thus switched repeatedly between Bitcoin Cash and incumbent bitcoin. As both chains use the same proof-of-work algorithm, miners can easily move their hashpower between the two.  around 1,500 more blocks were mined on the Bitcoin Cash chain than on the original one attracted a significant proportion of total processing power.[8]
A fix for these difficulty/hashrate/profitability fluctuations was introduced on November 13, 2:06PM UTC. The EDA algorithm has been replaced with a new difficulty adjustment algorithm (DAA) that hopes to prevent extreme fluctuations in difficulty while still allowing Bitcoin Cash to adapt to hashrate changes faster than incumbent bitcoin.
Since the Bitcoin owners before August 1st, 2017 have automatically become Bitcoin Cash owners, to prevent double expenses, the Bitcoin Cash transactions use a new algorithm of signature hashing, which isn’t valid in the Bitcoin Legacy network. It prevents repeated transactions of Bitcoin Cash in the Bitcoin blockchain and vice versa.
Bitcoin authors state that unlike Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash doesn’t have a unified team of developers: instead of this, there are several independent groups. Such decentralization creates an additional protection degree. In prospect, the developers consider the possibility to increase the capacity of blocks even more.
Bitcoin Cash aims to "fulfill the original promise of Bitcoin as Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash" by giving users lower fees, more reliable confirmations and faster transactions.[9].
Eventually Bitcoin Cash was broadly adopted by digital currency exchanges. Exchanges such as Bitfinex, CEX.IO, ShapeShift and many others use the Bitcoin Cash name and the BCH ticker symbol for the cryptocurrency. Temporarily, Bitstamp and Bitfinex used the name Bcash, but after being criticized, they switched the name back to Bitcoin Cash.
Huobi exchange[10] uses the name Bitcoin Cash and the BCC ticker symbol.
While the alphanumeric address style is the same as the incumbent bitcoin (BTC), that Bitcoin Cash (BCH/BCC) should not be sent to a bitcoin (BTC) address. Like the incumbent bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash addresses can be used more than once, but should not be reused if privacy is a concern. However there are plans to change the address format.[11]
Cryptocurrency wallets such as the Ledger hardware wallet, KeepKey hardware wallet, Electron Cash software wallet, Bitcoin.com software wallet and many others use the name Bitcoin Cash for the cryptocurrency, using either BCH or BCC ticker symbol for it.
Trezor hardware wallet uses both Bitcoin Cash and Bcash cryptocurrency names. Its architect Marek "Slush" Palatinus explained: "The reason we prefer to use 'Bcash' is to protect users from using the wrong wallet by accident."[6]
Initially, Coinbase, one of the largest crypto currency exchanges stated that they are not going to work with Bitcoin Cash, however their opinion was changed later, and they promised to start supporting Bitcoin Cash transactions before January 1st, 2018. The exchanges Kraken, Bitfinex and Poloniex also announced their support of the new crypto currency. At the same time BitMEX, Exodus и Bitstamp spoke against Bitcoint Cash.
In October 2017, Bitmain, the largest manufacturer of mining equipment in China, which supplies about two thirds of the entire hash power in the Bitcoin network, announced that they are going to accept only Bitcoin Cash when selling the newest ASIC-miners. The reason lies in the economy:  the transaction fee of Bitcoin Cash is significantly lower than in other crypto currencies.
According to the analysts’ estimations, such decision may lead to the rate growth of the new currency.




.I EOS EOS.IO is software that introduces a blockchain architecture designed to enable vertical and horizontal scaling of decentralized applications. This is achieved through an operating system-like construct upon which applications can be built.
EOS is a new blockchain platform with the use of the delegated proof of stake (DPOS). It is launched by the Block.one Company registered in the Cayman Islands. At the moment, the project is going through the ICO stadium that will be completed in 2018. The project’s chief developer is Dan Larimer.
Project website
EOS ICO start date: 2017-06-26
EOS provides accounts, authentication, databases, asynchronous communication and the scheduling of applications across multiple CPU cores and/or clusters- The resulting technology is a blockchain architecture that has the potential to scale to millions of transactions per second, eliminates user fees and allows for quick and easy deployment of decentralized applications- Easy Upgrades and Bug Recovery- Low Latency
The project’s White Paper announces new EOS blockchain architecture intended for vertical and horizontal scaling of decentralized apps. It is planned to implement the platform on the analogy of an operating system, on which the apps can be created. The software suggests login accounts, authentication, databases, asynchronous connection and planning of apps on hundreds of cores or clusters of CPUs. As a result, a blockchain shall be created, which can be scaled to millions of transactions per second and allow expanding decentralized apps quickly and easily.
More information in the project whitepaper: https://github.com/EOSIO/Documentation/blob/master/TechnicalWhitePaper.md
The software of EOS.IO uses the decentralized consensus algorithm – delegated proof of stake (DPOS). According to this algorithm, the token holders in the blockchain with the use of the EOS software choose the block creators through the continuous approval system and every network participant can take part in the creation of blocks proportionally to the VOTES received. For a private blockchain, the management can use tokens for adding and removing the IT staff.
The Block.one Company creates the EOS.IO software, but doesn’t plan to launch any public platform with the use of it. Any launch of the EOS platform will be carried out by the community participants that are not connected with Block.one. The third parties launching the EOS platform can delete, change or complete the EOS.IO software before, during and after the launch of the EOS platform.
EOS tokens are distributed on the Ethereum platform since June 26th, 2017. The process will last over 341 days in several steps; in total, it is planned to distribute 1 billion tokens. The first step took place from June 26th to July 1st, 2017. Other 700 million tokens are distributed by 2 million tokens during 350 short periods of 23 hours each. The remaining 100 million tokens, or a tenth of the total amount, will be reserved for Block.one and cannot be sold or transferred to Ethereum networks.
At the end of each period, the whole amount of tokens reserved for it is distributed among the EOS ICO participants proportionally to the amount of ether that each of them invested in this period.
EOS tokens have no rights or functional capabilities, including the EOS platform.
During the first step of the EOS ICO, the startup managed to collect $170 million despite the critics from some representatives of the blockchain community. The main object of critics became Dan Larimer, the EOS developer. Earlier he launched 2 platforms, Bishares and Steemit, which allowed their users to create tokens in unlimited qualities. The absence of the project’s detailed technical description is also questionable: for now, everything is limited to the general words “White Paper”.
As a result, the capitalization of the issued EOS tokens from summer to autumn 2017 was reduced for 45%. As of October 19th, one token costs $0.57 with the market capitalization of $236.4 million, while the volume of the attracted funds at that moment made out $400 million.
At that, the management of Block.one stated at the beginning of October that according to the results of the whole ICO, the company will manage to attract $1 billion for the project implementation by the middle of 2018.
EOS market cap on 6 APR 2018: $4,588,080,009     
EOS price on 6 APR 2018: $5.92
EOS Telegram
EOS Twitter
EOS Slack
EOS Facebook
EOS website
http://icorating.com/project/101/EOS http://icorating.com/project/101/EOS
https://github.com/EOSIO/Documentation/blob/master/TechnicalWhitePaper.md
https://steemit.com/eos/@eosio/how-is-eos-different-from-everything-else
https://vc.ru/26846-choose-blockchain-providers
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-10-17/digital-token-returns-prove-fleeting-after-euphoria-wears-off
https://www.coingecko.com/ru/%D0%93%D1%80%D0%B0%D1%84%D0%B8%D0%BA/eos/usd
https://coinjolt.com/eos-token/



.I Litecoin Litecoin is securely stored in a wallet on your computer, tablet, phone or laptop.Download yours and start sending and receiving payments with an address and a click.Litecoin can be easily purchased and sold on a number of exchanges using all types of currencies. Find the one that's right for you and get coins in minutes.Litecoin can be identified on exchanges under currency symbols LTC or XLT.Please note: Litecoin Association has no affiliation with exchanges that support Litecoin and is not responsible for security and business practices of these exchanges. We recommend that all businesses implement compliance with CCSS and KYC/AML regulations appropriate for their country.Whether it's clothing and apparel, food and drink or even a flight abroad you can buy it with Litecoin.Discover merchants that accept Litecoin.By maintaining full compatibility with the Bitcoin API, Litecoin is very easy to integrate into existing applications that already offer Bitcoin support.  One of the main advantages offered by the Litecoin network is faster transaction confirmation, making it ideal for small-size purchases.If you are a developer using Bitcoin, it is extremely easy to enable support for Litecoin transactions.If you are a merchant, you can easily integrate Litecoin into your web site or application using existing 3rd party shopping cart plugins.If your business already supports Litecoin, you can register it to be included in this site's index.
								Register Your Site

								Reap the benefits of additional traffic by being listed in our merchant index.  Once you integrate, do not forget to place the Litecoin Accepted Here image in your site.
							
 
DOWNLOAD GRAPHICS RESOURCES FOR USE IN YOUR SITE
Keep up to date with the development team behind Litecoin for latest updates and advancements surrounding Litecoin.Reddit Litecoin page continually provides the latest news and discussions about Litecoin. If you have any questions from troubleshooting to mining, experts on LitecoinTalk forums are ready to help.The Association is responsible for aiding in the advancement, acceptance and general improvement of Litecoin and its resources.  Any commercial inquiries regarding Litecoin should be directed to the Association.
Litecoin (LTC) is a decentralized cryptocurrency, a fork of Bitcoin intended by its designers to be more feasibly mined using consumer-grade hardware.
Litecoin is a peer-to-peer crypto currency that was developed on the base of Bitcoin and has an open source code. Unlike Bitcoin, the Litecoin blockchain is able to process a greater number of transactions.
Litecoin was released via an open-source client on GitHub on October 7, 2011 by Charlie Lee, a former Google employee.[1] The Litecoin network went live on October 13, 2011. It was a fork of the Bitcoin Core client, differing primarily by having a decreased block generation time (2.5 minutes), increased maximum number of coins, different hashing algorithm (scrypt), instead of SHA-256), and a slightly modified GUI.[2]
During the month of November 2013, the aggregate value of Litecoin experienced massive growth which included a 100% leap within 24 hours.
Litecoin reached a $1 billion market capitalization in November 2013. By late November 2017, its market capitalization was US $4,600,081,733 ($85.18 per coin).[3]
In May 2017, Litecoin became the first of the top-5 (by market cap) cryptocurrencies to adopt Segregated Witness. Later in May of the same year, the first Lightning Network transaction was completed through Litecoin, transferring 0.00000001 LTC from Zürich to San Francisco in under one second.
The creator of Litecoin – Charlie Lee, a former employee of Google – took the Bitcoin source code as a basis and created a crypto currency that needs 2.5 minutes to generate a block – this is 4 times faster than Bitcoin[4] .
The full emission of Litecoin makes out 84 million coins, which is also 4 times more than of Bitcoin. The start reward for a block made out 50 Litecoins, and now it is 25 Litecoins. The Litecoin generation speed reduces twice for every 840, 000 blocks. It is supposed that about ¾ Litecoins will be generated by 2020.
Litecoin uses the Scrypt hashing algorithm. The equipment for using this algorithm is more expensive than on SHA-256, which is used by Bitcoin. As the process requires more memory, graphics processors suit better for the Litecoin mining.
The Litecoin cryptocurrency was initially created as a more perfect alternative of Bitcoin. Now Litecoins are called “silver coins” on the analogy of “golden” Bitcoin, and in 2017, Litecoin showed even a bigger growth, which hit upon the prohibitive decision of the Chinese government.
Today, it came out from the five of the largest crypto currencies on the market capitalization level and takes the sixth place with the capitalization of 2.786 billion dollars.
At that, the popularity of Litecoins remains in place. In October 2017, the Waves Platform announced the opening of a gateway for Litecoin, which made the crypto currency available for use within its own network.
Heavily based on Bitcoin this coin is almost identical to it, although it has some key differences:
Thus Scrypt algorithm strips any FPGA, GPU and ASIC users of their advantage over CPU miners and as such is very suitable for the intended purpose of allowing an even distribution of Litecoin mining capacity between network users. Unfortunately with rising popularity of the currency now there are ASICs for Litecoin mining in development nevertheless.
Other cryptocurrencies are experimenting on much heavier hashing algorithms to remain ASIC-resistant.
Litecoin is different in some ways from Bitcoin.
Due to Litecoin's use of the scrypt algorithm, FPGA and ASIC devices made for mining Litecoin are more complicated to create and more expensive to produce than they are for Bitcoin, which uses SHA-256.[5]



.I Cardano          Cardano is a decentralised public blockchain and cryptocurrency project and is fully open source. Cardano is developing a smart contract platform which seeks to deliver more advanced features than any protocol previously developed. It is the first blockchain platform to evolve out of a scientific philosophy and a research-first driven approach. The development team consists of a large global collective of expert engineers and researchers     Cardano is a blockchain platform evolved out of a scientific philosophyThe first provably secure proof of stake algorithm, peer reviewed by academicsThe wallet will be able to run decentralised applications on the blockchainExplore a timeline showing the development of the project, and learn more about its goals and vision.  To use Ada you must download the Daedalus digital wallet. Daedalus is a secure, HD wallet for the Ada cryptocurrency.Now you can send and receive Ada, and view a history of the transactions you have made.                                Cardano FoundationIOHKEmurgo
	var trackcmp_email = '';
	var trackcmp = document.createElement("script");
	trackcmp.async = true;
	trackcmp.type = 'text/javascript';
	trackcmp.src = '//trackcmp.net/visit?actid=251940219&e='+encodeURIComponent(trackcmp_email)+'&r='+encodeURIComponent(document.referrer)+'&u='+encodeURIComponent(window.location.href);
	var trackcmp_s = document.getElementsByTagName("script");
	if (trackcmp_s.length) {
		trackcmp_s[0].parentNode.appendChild(trackcmp);
	} else {
		var trackcmp_h = document.getElementsByTagName("head");
		trackcmp_h.length && trackcmp_h[0].appendChild(trackcmp);
	}
hbspt.forms.create({css: '', portalId: '4268286', formId: 'f3cadd7b-e2f0-4693-a081-553cda57a2c1'});© Cardano. All Rights Reserved.Cardano is a decentralized block platform on opensource smart contracts, launched in September 2017 by Blockchain Development Output Hong Kong (IOHK). On the basis of the Cardano platform, the cryptocurrency ADA is working. It is in the development process, but not long ago, the cryptocurrency was added to the central wallet.

Cardano is developed by the team headed by Charles Hoskinson, the former cofounder of BitShares and Ethereum, and is aimed at the launch of smart contracts, decentralized apps, sidechains, multipart calculations and metadata.
The platform works on the Proof-of-Stake algorithm called Ouroboros that determines how separate nodes achieve consensus in relation to the entire network. The algorithm is an important part of the infrastructure that supports the cryptocurrency ADA. According to the developers, the security level of Ouroboros is comparable with the level of Bitcoin blockchain. This is the first algorithm that passed the reviewing on the status cryptographic conference Crypto 2017.
The cryptocurrency ADA has grown by 1500% since September 2017. Now, it is on the 6. place among the cryptocurrencies by the market capitalization – over $7.9 million (the data by CoinMarketCap.com, March 5th, 2018). In the trading 25 927 070 538 coins of 31 112 483 745 issued take part with the final emission of 45 billion coins.


Until March 2018, the only cryptocurrency wallet with ADA support was the wallet Daedalus. It is available for Windows and Mac with basic functions; the release of a Linux version is also planned. The wallet supports other currencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum Classic.
In the beginning of March it was known that ADA added the cryptowallet Centra. For the cryptocurrency this means that it can be used now with the Centra card that had an access to 36 million terminals around the world.
Although the rate of ADA has become a little lower than its peak price in the beginning of 2018, the credit of trust from the part of such a big cryptomarket player as Centra may become a source for the new growth, as it is supposed by the analysts. An important step for this will become the full-fledged network launch, planned for the nearest future.
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/cardano/
https://www.cardanohub.org/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cardano_(platform)
https://www.cryptorecorder.com/2018/03/05/cardano-ada-launches-on-centra-an-even-better-reason-to-hodl/



.I Stellar Stellar is a platform that connects banks, payments systems, and people.

Integrate to move money quickly, reliably, and at almost no cost.Send Me Updates On Stellar.RemittancesSend money across borders quickly, for a fraction of a cent. Facilitate low-cost payments between different currencies.MicropaymentsIncrease efficiency and decrease the cost of smaller transfers. Offer incremental payment options to your customers.Mobile BranchesGet an agency banking advantage with mobile branches. Expand your retail operation, without the overhead costs.Mobile MoneyMake mobile money platforms interoperable. Let your customers send MM to recipients with different providers.Services for the underbankedStellar cuts costs so you can bank new customers. Reach the base of the pyramid with low-cost accounts, loans, and microsavings.Transactions on the decentralized Stellar network resolve in 2-5 seconds.Get started on the network quickly with developer-friendly software and tools.With a team of top technology and finance professionals, the nonprofit Stellar.org expands access to low-cost financial services to fight poverty and maximize individual potential.
Stellar Build Challenge #6 – the Results
 
        Stellar.org is a nonprofit organization.© 2014-2018 Stellar Development FoundationStellar is the platform for foreign exchange transactions operating in real time. It was founded in early 2014 by jed McCaleb and Joyce Kim as a branch of the Ripple system and first worked on the eponymous Protocol. In the future, it developed its own open-source Protocol Stellar. In the process of using its own kind of electronic currency, which was previously called the rack or the star, and now called the lumen.
To support the platform was organized non-profit non-stock Fund Stellar Development Foundation . The Fund was derived from the company Striperuen[1].
The updated Stellar network (on its own Protocol) was launched in November 2015. And at the time of the first release in the summer of 2014, and during 2015, Stellar received benevolent reviews in the press.
In October 2017, the company announced cooperation with IBM.

Stellar is an open-source protocol for value exchange. It was founded in early 2014 by Jed Mccaleb and Joyce Kim[2].The Stellar protocol is supported by a nonprofit, the Stellar Development Foundation. The Foundation’s mission is to expand financial access and literacy worldwide.
At launch, Stellar was based on the Ripple. After systemic problems with the existing consensus algorithm were discovered, Stellar created an updated version of the protocol with a new consensus algorithm. The code and whitepaper for this new algorithm were released in April 2015. [3]
The servers perform a software implementation of the Protocol and use the Internet to connect and communicate with other Stellar servers, forming a global currency exchange network. Each server keeps records of all "accounts" in the network. These records are stored in a database called Ledger. Servers declare changes in the Ledger, offering "deals" that transfer accounts from one state to another, spending the balance of the account or changing its properties. All servers are trying to come to an agreement that will apply to the current Ledger some package deals, through a process called "consensus"[4].
The Consensus process runs at regular intervals, usually every 2-4 seconds. This keeps a copy of each server's Ledger in a synchronized and identical state. When you start Stellar was based on the Protocol Rippleruen. After system problems related to the existing consensus algorithm were discovered, Stellar created an updated version of the Protocol with a new consensus algorithm based on a completely new code. The code and technical documentation for this new algorithm was released in April 2015, and the updated network began operating in November 2015.
When organizing the Stellar payment network, actions were taken and rules were adopted, which should help to avoid the problems inherent in the Ripple network.
We can say that the organizers of the Stellar platform have done everything possible to exclude any gambling component from this project.
Joyce Kim was a VC at Freestyle Capital and an entrepreneur. Prior to that, she was an attorney at Wilmer Hale and Sherman & Sterling and pro bono at Sanctuary for Families and the Innocence Project. Joyce graduated from Cornell University at the age of 19, followed by graduate school at Harvard and Columbia Law School. She is also a Director’s Fellow at the MIT Media Lab.
Joyce frequently speaks about tech nonprofits and the social potential of the Stellar network [6] .
Jed McCaleb is a co-founder of Stellar Development Foundation. In 2000, Jed created e-Donkey which became one of the largest file-sharing networks in its time. He later created Mt. Gox, the first bitcoin exchange, which was subsequently sold and re-coded by its current owners.
Jed has been quoted on the Stellar Consensus Protocol (SCP) in publications like Wired and Coindesk



.I IOTA Qubic is official! Find out moreiota.orgGet startedThe FoundationVerticalsResearchNew interactions between machines that make our cities even smarterGet startedGet startedThe FoundationThe FoundationVerticalsVerticalsResearchResearchStay updatedStay updatedIOTΛ Foundationc/o Nextland Strassburgerstraße 5510405 Berlin Germany© 2018 IOTA Foundation - Privacy Policy Email: [email protected] Phone: +49 30 549 091 35 Board of Directors: Dominik Schiener, David Sønstebø, Ralf Rottmann ID/Company No.: 3416/1234/2 EU public ID number in the EU Transparency Register: 500027331119-04IOTA is an open-source distributed ledger (cryptocurrency) focused on providing secure communications and payments between machines on the Internet of Things. Using directed acyclic graph (DAG) technology instead of the traditional blockchain, IOTA's transactions are free regardless of the size of the transaction, confirmations times are fast, the number of transactions the system can handle simultaneously is unlimited, and the system can easily scale. IOTA was founded in 2015 by David Sonstebo, Sergey Ivancheglo, Dominik Schiener, and Dr. Serguei Popov.
IOTA is overseen by the IOTA Foundation, a non-profit dedicated to developing the technology and maintaining it license-free for all developers to work with. The Foundation has established a collaboration with Volkswagen and Innogy to develop CarPass, an IOTA based technology that enables secure audit trails, digital identities, and charging networks for cars. With Deutsche Telekom, Microsoft, Fujitsu,and Samsung,the Foundation opened up a data marketplace using IOTA technology. The IOTA Foundation is also a founding member of the Trusted IOT Alliance, which includes the companies Bosch, ConsenSys, USbank, and Cisco. 
As of December 2017, the market capitalization of IOTA is $13 billion, making it the 4th largest cryptocurrency in circulation.
The smallest unit of account on IOTA is an Iota, after the smallest letter in the Greek alphabet. Larger unit names are created by adding metric system-like prefixes to the word Iota. Hence one million Iota are called a MegaIota or Miota (Mi), which is the base unit of Iota used for trading on cryptocurrency exchanges. In order of size, unit names are:
Note that this is not to be confused with the binary prefix notation where 1 KiB is 1024 Bytes[1].
IOTA founded by David Sonstebo, Sergey Ivancheglo, Dominik Schiener, and Dr. Serguei Popov. The fixed supply of 2,779,530,283,277,761 Iota were created. As there is no mining, no more Iota will be created. A few months later, IOTA began open beta testing.
While beta testing continued, trading began over-the-counter between users for the next 11 months or so.
In May, IOTA announced a $10 million ecosystem fund to promote larger corporate collaborations, community projects, and developer acquisition initiatives. By June, IOTA was listed by its first exchange: Bitfinex Outlier Ventures, a venture capital firm, invested 7 figures into IOTA, their first direct investment into a distributed ledger technology. SatoshiPay announced a transition from the use of bitcoin to the use of IOTA as the transaction cost of bitcoins increase. 
By August, the IOTA Foundation forged a partnership with REFUNITE, the world's largest missing persons database, in order to use IOTA technology to help reunite families during and after conflicts. Additionally, IOTA's Flash Network (supporting extreme high speed, instantaneous nano payments) became active, ahead of Bitcoin and Ethereum's versions. Monster Cleaning Services, a London UK based company, announced that they are accepting IOTA as a payment. Sopra Steria announced a partnership with IOTA to create a framework to optimize security between devices on the Internet of Things. 
In November, the IOTA Foundation was officially announced as a registered not-for-profit entity under German law. LATTICE80, a Singapore based Fintech hub and largest of its kind, cemented an agreement to open an IOTA innovation lab for the Internet of Things. Additionally, IOTA hired Cybercrypt ApS to develop IOTA's hash technology (Curl), to its next maturation phase.
Each square box in this diagram represents a transaction being sent.
For each new transaction, two random, unconfirmed transactions are validated in the tangle. Each validation (n) of a transaction increases the likelihood of a transaction being genuine, up to a threshold of (c). In this figure, red boxes indicate transactions where n > 0, but below a certain confirmation threshold, n < c.
The grey boxes represent transactions where n = 0. The green boxes represent transactions that have been validated a sufficient number of times, in order to be accepted as confirmed by the recipient address, n >= c.
]]
For an IOTA user to send out a transaction, the user must validate two other, randomly selected transactions. A sent transaction must accumulate a sufficient level of verification (i.e. must be validated a sufficient number of times by other users) in order to be accepted as “confirmed” by its recipient. IOTA works with a single administrator called the Coordinator which confirms all transactions in a set of released milestones. Without the Coordinator, the IOTA DAG is not considered sufficiently secured in its early stages. The Coordinator is meant to be removed when network is sufficiently large. Not only are hash-based signatures much faster than ECC, Grover's algorithm dictates that a quantum computer would be very efficient at conducting brute force attacks. The process of finding a cryptographic nonce in order to generate a Bitcoin block is particularly vulnerable to such brute-force attacks. As of today, an average of around 268 nonces must be checked to find a suitable hash, and this trends up over time. In this regard, IOTA is less susceptible to brute force attacks following implementation of quantum computing.
They made use of a self-designed hash function named Curl. In July 2017 researchers found a critical vulnerability allowing them to forge signatures. Generally, the researchers criticize the use of self-developed cryptography. On 7 August the developers replaced the hash function with a version of SHA-3 named Kerl, which works with ternary (instead of binary) operations, effectively fixing the vulnerability.
The IOTA Foundation was incorporated in Germany as a non-profit corporation that coordinates and funds development in the IOTA ecosystem. The Foundation is dedicated to building sustainable ecosystems around IOTA to accelerate its development and commercial adoption as an open-source technology. As of November 2017, the Foundation has a $100 million fund to promote IOTA use. The funds are distributed as IOTA tokens to companies building technology with IOTA. The development fund does not fund start ups.
The Foundation is the first regulated, non-profit in Germany ("gemeinnützige Stiftung") funded exclusively by cryptocurrencies. It's divided into a Board of Directors, Supervisory Board, and Advisory Board. Beneath them, the Foundation will organized into working groups focused on promoting and enabling IOTA's use in: Identity and MyDate; Social Causes; Supply Chain; Mobility; E-Health; Fintech; Smart Cities and Infrastructure; R&D; Interoperability; Energy; Industry 4.0; and Others.
IOTA launched a public marketplace (https://datum.iota.org/) for data generated by 3rd party sensors. The objective is to monetize the exploding market for 2.5 quintillion bytes of data being generated daily and growing exponentially. The project gathered participation of over twenty global organizations, including Deutsche Telekom, Bosch, Microsoft, PricewaterhouseCoopers, Airbus, Cisco, Samsung, Orange S.A., Fujitsu, and China's Huawei Group. Ordinary netizens will also be able to sell their data on the marketplace.
In September 2017, a distributed machine learning service was announced using IOTA as the payment system. CognIOTA goal is to allow users to rent their idle CPU's for others to use in real time. David Sonstebo commented, “The goal is indeed to get mining pools to switch over to providing a useful service (Machine Learning) while paid in iotas. A lot of mining farms are struggling these days, so this is a very win-win situation”
Masked Authenticated Messaging (MAM) is a second layer data communication protocol which enables encrypted data streams, like RSS, to be sent securely over IOTA's distributed ledger. To transmit, a user needs to conduct a small amount of proof of work to prevent spamming of the network. Nodes listening for the channel ID (= address), will receive the message. MAM messages contribute to the security of the network by increasing total hashing power and benefit from the data integrity properties of the network. The Bosch XDK IoT developer kit and the RuuviTag, an open source sensor beacon from Ruuvi Labs, already use IOTA's MAM. Example uses for XDK and RuuviTags are portable weather stations, Eddystone proximity beacons, vehicle locators and similar applications which securely report telemetry or receive commands. Another use case are the announced EV charging station from the Dutch energy giant Elaad[2].
IOTA allows instantaneous, high throughput payment channels that are bi-directional and off-Tangle. This allows parties to transact at high speed without waiting for normal confirmation times. When a channel is created, each party deposits an equal amount of IOTA into a multi-signature address controlled by all parties. Once initial deposits are confirmed, the channel does not need to interact with the network until the channel is closed. When the parties finish transacting, final balances are published to the network. This approach can reduce thousands of transactions down to two. 
A sample use is paying for wirelessly charging a phone at a cafe. If the phone and cafe open an IOTA Flash Channel, payments are made by the second from the phone to the cafe. Once the charge is terminated, the channel is closed and one payment is recorded on the Tangle as being conducted between your phone and the cafe.
As of December 2017, neither Bitcoin nor Ethereum have been able to launch their Flash Channels.
The official wallet is version 2.5.4, downloadable from GitHub: https://github.com/iotaledger/wallet/releases. The current wallet requires independently generating your own seed (private key). Instructions how to do that are located here: https://matthewwinstonjohnson.gitbooks.io/iota-guide-and-faq/getting-started/dl-wallet/what-is-my-seed.html. IOTA-help.com is to be avoided as it is a scam site used to steal seeds and IOTA.
IOTA trades for fiat currencies, bitcoin and ether, on the following online exchanges:
Tangle – is a new data structure based on the Direct Acyclic Graph and which does not need miners and data blocks[3].
Each network member who wants to execute a transaction must actively participate in the network consensus by approving two past transactions. This attestation of the validity of the two past transactions ensures that the entire network will reach a consensus on the current status of the approved transactions and will allow using a number of unique functions that only IOTA has: high transaction capacity due to concurrent checking without limits on their number, no commissions for transactions, greater decentralization in comparison with the blockchain and higher security.
Thus, the new IOTA can not be mined: the entire volume of coins was released immediately at the time of their creation. Therefore, it should be borne in mind that if you are doing some work in IOTA, you do not create new tokens, but simply confirm other transactions.
In the future, IOTA will allow companies to introduce new b2b models, turning every technological resource into a potential service that will be sold on the open market in real time without any charges. Secure and authenticated communication channels between devices will be built through the Tangle.
In the future, any physical resources connected to the network can be rented in real time: not only equipment, but also computer capacities and data storage volumes. Also, Tangle opens up new opportunities for secure data transfer to eGovernance, including for electronic voting. Several companies are already conducting research in this direction.
Despite the prospects, the project has critics. In September, experts from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) discovered weaknesses in the IOTA protection system. Although the developers did not agree with the comments, the value of the cryptocurrency fell by 15% after a long period of growth[4].
As of December 2017, the IOTA token costs over $4, market capitalization is around $11.5 billion.



.I TRON 1010841242018-032018-042018-04TRON Recently Launched Public Blockchain Testing Network – testnetTRON Founder Justin Sun Graduates Hupan University, Forges AheadCopyright© 2017-2018 TRON Foundation
TRON is a blockchain-based, descentralized protocol project that aims to be a content distribution platform for the digital entertainment industry [1]. As of April 2018, the public chain test network is online; the main network is not yet live. The countdown for the main network is available here.
Tron Foundation was established in September 2017 by current CEO Justin Sun. The TRON landingpage describes the aim of the protocol as the construction of a global and free entertainment content ecosystem, in which creators have the power to freely publish, store, and own their content, interacting directly with consumers thanks to the decentralized issuance, circulation, and trading of digital assets [2].
Tron ICO was in September 2017 that managed to raise $70 million. The platform's native token is the Tronix (TRX). The coin has been trading since September 2017 and reached its highest market TRX price at $0.30 on January 5th 2018. Its maximum market cap was $19.7 billion on January 5th 2018.[3] It has fluctuated between 1.5 billion and 3.5 billion between February and April 2018. Updated numbers available at CoinMarketCap.com
Tron faced criticism for plagiarism in early 2018, because their whitepaper features open source code from Filecoin and IFPS whitepapers with no citation.[4][5] [6] [1] Justin Sun has since responded that this was just a mistake made by volunteer translators.[7]
Tron code is available at GitHub.
Tron is designed to ultimately make entertainment content both easier to sell and cheaper to consume. In theory this goal is achieved by putting the content on a blockchain and the creators and consumers in a network of peers, eliminating the middleman. [8]
TRON network has built a set of consensus mechanisms, which can use minimum cost to solve identification and personal credit issues in online transactions. It also uses point-to-point transactions to avoid traditional centralized settlement structure. TRON network can play the host role between users and developers, to ensure authenticity and compliance of info credit. [9]
As explained in their website, the Tron Protocol offers "scalable, high-availability and high-throughput support that underlies all the decentralized applications in the TRON ecosystem". The network incentivizes users to build their own decentralized entertainment applications (Dapps).[10].
The Tron network's native token is the Tronix (TRX). One can purchase Tronix on exchanges like Liqui and Binance by exchanging them for other cryptocurrencies like ETH or BTC. Purchase with fiat currencies is not possible at present. It can be stored on wallets that support the Ethereum blockchain like MyEtherWallet[11]. Actually, there is no official Tron wallets.
Tronix can be used by content consumers to pay for the content they want to access on the Tron network. These coins would then go to the content producers’ accounts, where they can be exchanged to other cryptocurrencies, or used to pay for blockchain services.
In February 2018, TRX was ranked 15th on the list of largest cryptocurrencies by market capitalization. (See also, Tron Surges: Ethereum Tops $1,000 As Bitcoin Price Falls.)
TRON TRX reached its highest market price at $0.30 on January 5th 2018. Tron's market cap peaked at $19.7 billion on the same date. It has fluctuated between 1.5 billion and 3.5 billion between February and April 2018. Updated numbers available at CoinMarketCap.com
The Tron road map is divided into six stages, each with its own name.
The digital entertainment market is estimated at about 1 trillion U.S. dollars, of which most part is occupied with online games like casino. The TRON platform can be compared in terms of volumes with such a company as Ali Baba, which is a world leader in the field of Internet Commerce. Since most of the TRON investors are from China, there is no doubt that this platform will get a lot of popularity there. According to our forecasts in 2018, the cryptocurrency TRX will be able to reach a price of 10 cents per coin, so take a look at it.
The whitepaper for TRON appeared in English, Spanish and Russian translations in early January 2018. The document stated as foundational beliefs that the internet is not the free, descentralized territory it used to be, and that users should have a right to own and control their own data and to disclose information freely and voluntarily [14].
The whitepaper was widely accused of plagiarizing Filecoin and IFPS whitepapers. [4][5] [6] Vitalik Buterin, creator of Ethereum, pointed out the whitepaper's plagiarism on Twitter on April 6th 2018.
Justin Sun attributed the lack of citation to translation issues, saying "Our original version of the whitepaper is in Chinese and we have a very detailed reference to the latest Chinese version. The English, Korea, Japanese and Spanish versions are translated by the volunteers. The translation missed numerous important details not just reference"[7] The latests Tron coin news are available on the special resources.



.I NEO 




Copyright © NEO Team 2014-2018   NEO ContributorsNEO (formerly known as Antshares) is a smart economy platform and the first Chinese blockchain project.
The project was founded in 2014 and was real time open source on GitHub in June 2015. It aims to develop a "smart economy" with a distributed network by utilizing blockchain technology and digital identity to digitize assets, and automating the management of digital assets using smart contracts. NEO is currently traded on Bittrex, Cryptopia and Binance among other exchanges.
It is also worth noting that the project is actively developing and has already established cooperation with well-known blockchain startups, including Bancor, Coindash and Agrello. Chinese blockchain startup Red Pulse has announced the creation of a platform for financial research, which will be built on the system of smart contracts NEO 2.0. Also, in cooperation with the NEO project, an operating system on the blockchain called Elastos is being developed. According to the developers, it is intended to “study the technological value of the use of blockchain applications in new Internet operating systems and further development of Smart Economy”.
Having gone through the path of rebranding and numerous software improvements, previously almost unknown cryptocurrency Antshares received a new name – "NEO" and very quickly climbed into the top ten ranking in terms of capitalization.
So, the blockchain system cryptocurrency NEO was launched in the fall of 2016 Chinese programmer Yes, Junpei.
Like the vast majority of digital coins, cryptocurrency NEO has such qualities as:
• Lack of control by the state.
All these features are already familiar to all and are applicable to the vast majority of coins in the digital money market. Therefore, in the top ten ranking on the size of the capitalization of the cryptocurrency NEO climbed thanks to its competitive advantages, which include:
NEO blockchain combines digital assets, digital identities, and smart contracts.The technology underlying NEO supports multiple types of digital assets. Users can register, transfer, and trade at will on NEO.
NEO nodes use Byzantine Fault Tolerance Algorithm (dBFT) to reach consensus and ensure the finality of transactions. It also ensures that the system keeps its finality and availability as long as Byzantine fault occurs on less than 1/3 of the nodes. With the use of dBFT protocol, NEO's practical transaction speed is 1,000 TPS and theoretically can reach 10,000 TPS in the future[1].
NeoContract, the NEO smart contract system, supports multiple programming languages such as C#, Java, and Python. Developers can rapidly develop smart contracts based on the NEO platform without learning a new language.
NEON is currently the most used NEO wallet and is available for MacOS, Windows and Linux.
More information in the project whitepaper: http://docs.neo.org/en-us/index.html
The platform includes 2 different tokens – NEO and GAS. NEO represents the right to manage the network, including voting for consensus nodes and making decisions for the blockchain. GAS is used to pay for all the service fees on the blockchain, e.g. creation and launching of smart contracts[2].
In the genesis block of the NEO network, 100 million NEO tokens were created. 50 million of them are on the account and over time, they will be used for the development of the Neo ecosystem. Other 50 million are distributed among the ICO participants according to the pre-developed mechanism. The total amount of NEO tokens is 100 million and cannot be increased. The smallest NEO unit is 1 NEO and cannot be divided. Every NEO represents an ownership of the chain.
GAS is initially generated with the speed of 8 tokens for each new block in the blockchain. The production speed decreases for 1 token per every 2 million generated blocks untill it is down to 1 GAS per block. Approximately in 22 years, the volume of GAS will reach 100 million and its generation will stop. These GAS will be distributed proportionally in accordance with the NEO holding ratio and recorded in the corresponding addresses. NEO holders can initiate a claim transaction at any time and claim these GAS tokens at their holding addresses. Unlike NEO, GAS can be divided. The minimum unit of GAS is 0.00000001.
Early 2018 several projects started performing ICO's on the NEO blockchain, such as Red Pulse, Qlink, Zeepin, TheKey, Trinity and Deep Brain Chain. Upcoming ICO's include NEX and Effect AI.
Despite the prohibition of Chinese authorities to carry out the ICO, the owners of Neo are sure that they will be able to establish fruitful relations with the government of China. In particular, Chinese authorities held consultations with the founder of NEO, Da Hongfei, before making their prohibitive decision[3].
As of March 2018, the NEO cryptocurrency costs $130 and belongs to the tenth of the biggest crypto currencies by the market capitalization, with the value over $8 billion. One GAS token costs $39 at the same moment, while its capitalization makes out a little under $400 million.



.I Monero 
                                   
                              
                                
                                 English
                                
                              
                                
                              
                                
                              
                                
                              
                                
                              
                                   
                               Monero is cash for a connected world. It’s fast, private, and secure. With Monero, you are your own bank. You can spend safely, knowing that others cannot see your balances or track your activity.Get StartedMonero is a decentralized cryptocurrency, meaning it is secure digital cash operated by a network of users. Transactions are confirmed by distributed consensus and then immutably recorded on the blockchain. Third-parties do not need to be trusted to keep your Monero safe. Monero uses ring signatures, ring confidential transactions, and stealth addresses to obfuscate the origins, amounts, and destinations of all transactions. Monero provides all the benefits of a decentralized cryptocurrency, without any of the typical privacy concessions. Sending and receiving addresses as well as transacted amounts are obfuscated by default. Transactions on the Monero blockchain cannot be linked to a particular user or real-world identity. Monero is fungible because it is private by default. Units of Monero cannot be blacklisted by vendors or exchanges due to their association in previous transactions.Monero for WindowsMonero for MacMonero for LinuxLatest BlockchainNeed it for a different operating system? View all available downloads here.Response to "An Empirical Analysis of Traceability in the Monero Blockchain", Version 2Monero 0.12.0.0 "Lithium Luna" ReleaseMore newsWould you like to look up the meanings of the terms and concepts used in Monero? Here you will find an alphabetical guide to terms and their meanings from both the Monero and Kovri projects.Read MoneropediaStep-by-step guides to all things Monero are separated by category and cover everything from creating a wallet to supporting the network, and even how to edit this website.Read user guidesWe've heard a lot of questions over the years and have compiled, for your convenience, a thorough and varied FAQ. Don't worry, if your questions are not on here, you can always ask the community.Read answers
Monero (XMR) is an open-source cryptocurrency created in April 2014 that focuses on privacy, decentralization, and scalability that runs on Windows, MacOS, Linux, Android, and FreeBSD.. Monero uses a public ledger to record transactions while new units are created through a process called mining. Monero aims to improve on existing cryptocurrency design by obscuring sender, recipient and amount of every transaction made as well as making the mining process more egalitarian.
The focus on privacy has attracted illicit use by people interested in evading law enforcement. The egalitarian mining process made it viable to distribute the mining effort opening new funding avenues for both legitimate online publishers and malicious hackers who covertly embed the mining code into websites and apps.
Monero-one of the types of cryptocurrency, which at the same time represents a payment system. Designed for anonymous payments between users. The main issue (the total number of coins for mining) is 18 million 400 thousand coins. Experts estimate that it will take mining Monero about 8 years. The final outcome will be known in may 2022. Initially, it should be understood that the issue of coins will not be finally completed. Each miner can get about 0.6 XMR (monero symbol) for each block.
For the first time to learn about the serious prospects of Monero turned out in 2016. Far from this, the cost of 1 unit of Monero was less than$ 1, but in 2016 the value exceeded$50.
The main value of the coin started to rise at the moment when users started to use Monero as a separate payment on the Darknet. The special perspective of Monero is also in relation to the ruble. Over the past year, the rate has not been growing very fast, but steadily. This is the first indicator that you can and should work with this cryptocurrency.
Unlike many cryptocurrencies that are derivatives of Bitcoin, Monero is based on the CryptoNote protocol and possesses significant algorithmic differences relating to blockchain obfuscation. By providing a high level of privacy, Monero is fungible, meaning that every unit of the currency can be substituted by another unit. These units are indistinguishable from one another. This makes Monero different from public-ledger cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, where addresses previously associated with undesired activity can be blacklisted and refused by network members. Also the "stealth addresses" generated for each transaction make it impossible to discover actual destination by anyone else but the address owner. Finally, the "ring confidential transactions" mechanism hides the transferred amount. It can be mined somewhat efficiently on consumer grade hardware such as x86, x86-64, ARM or even consumer grade GPUs.
Monero experienced rapid growth in market capitalization and transaction volume during the year 2016, partly due to adoption in 2016 by major darknet market AlphaBay,
On January 10, 2017, the privacy of Monero transactions were further strengthened by the adoption of Bitcoin Core developer Gregory Maxwell's algorithm Confidential Transactions, hiding the amounts being transacted, in combination with an improved version of Ring Signatures.
Monero's blockchain protects privacy in three ways. Ring signatures enable the sender to hide among other transaction outputs, stealth addresses hide the receiving address of the transaction and RingCT hides the amount of the transaction. As a consequence, Monero features an opaque blockchain. This is sharp contrast with transparent and traceable blockchain used by Bitcoin. Thus, Monero is said to be "private, optionally transparent".
Monero has two sets of keys, called a "view key" and a "spend key". View key can be separately shared to enable optional transparency. However, the system is designed to ease processing on mobile devices, as it is impossible to calculate an accurate wallet balance without a spend key.
In April 2017 research highlighted three major threats to Monero user's privacy. The first relies on leveraging the ring signature size of zero, and ability to see the output amounts. The second, described as "Leveraging Output Merging", involves tracking transactions where two outputs belong to the same user, such as when a user is sending the funds to himself ("churning"). Finally the third threat, "Temporal Analysis", shows that predicting the right output in a ring signature is easier than previously thought.
Monero development team addressed the first concern in early 2017 with introduction of Ring Confidential Transactions (ringCT) as well as mandating a minimum size of ring signatures in the March 2016 protocol upgrade. Monero developers also noted that Monero Research Labs, their academic and research arm, already noted and outlined the deficiency in two public research papers in 2014 and 2015.
A user needs a client software, a so-called wallet, to interact with the Monero network. The Monero Project produces the reference implementation of a Monero wallet. This implementation is broken up into three parts. The main software daemon is called monerod and it is responsible for reading the blockchain and claiming the user's transactions. monero-wallet-cli is responsible for managing the user's account, also known as wallet address, and generating new transactions. Finally, Monero GUI allows the user to interact with the aforementioned components through a graphical user interface. All of the software produced by The Monero Project is open source and licensed under a broadly permissive BSD licenses[1].
Other third party implementation of Monero clients exist such as Monerujo which also make it possible to use Monero on Android. Finally, a web wallet allows users to interact with the network entirely through the browser using a third party website.
The feasibility of CPU mining Monero has made it viable for malicious actors to covertly distribute miners embedded in malware, utilising the victim's hardware and electricity for the financial gain of the malware developer.
The JavaScript implementation of Monero miner Coinhive has made it possible to embed the miner into a website in such a way to utilise website visitor's CPU to mine the cryptocurrency while the visitor is consuming the content of the webpage. While this can be done with user's consent in an effort to provide an alternative funding model to serving ads, some websites have done this without informed consent which has prompted the in-browser miners to be blocked by browser extensions and ad blocking subscription lists.
Monero is sometimes employed by Bitcoin users to break link between transactions, with bitcoins first converted to Monero, then after some delay, converted back and sent to an address unrelated to those used before Researchers have reported that the operators behind the global ransomware incident WannaCry have converted their proceeds into Monero. It is also the preferred payment method of choice for The Shadow Brokers[2].
Mining of Monero is based on the principle of PoW (Proof-of-work): the miners receive a reward for solving cryptographic problems, as a result of which a new block is added to the blockchain every two minutes.
In this case, unlike many other crypto currencies, Monero emission is not limited. After it reaches 18.4 million Monero, the subsequent mining will bring 0.6 new coins for each block added to the chain.
The main difference between Monero and other crypto-currencies is the use of CryptoNote protocol for encrypting of transactions. This protocol works on the principle of ring signature, in which any member of any closed group can leave the electronic signature – but the person who did it will never be known. Also, the protocol provides passive mixing of the transactions themselves so that they are all anonymous.
However, anonymity requires large resources, primarily memory: Monero transactions take up on average 8 times as much space as Bitcoin's transactions take.
Mining Monero (XMR/USD) is as easy as mining Zcash and Ethereum (ETH/USD), and you can do it with your CPU, using even your old laptops. In this guide we will take a closer look at the installation process for the Minergate and Claymore miners (its version for the CPU, called CryptoNote). For AMD cardholders, Ethereum mining is the most profitable, however Monero stands out for a number of unique characteristics - above all, the level of confidentiality. It has many fans and periodically there are strong price increases. The entire process of downloading, installing and configuring the mining software takes less than 20 minutes. Here are a few reasons to mine Monero: Bitcoins are easy to exchange for fiat money.
Thus, mining Monero allows you to replenish your bank account. Monero can also be traded on exchanges. Experienced and lucky traders can make good money on price jumps, given Monero’s high volatility. Since Monero received recognition in darknet in 2016, it remains one of the most expensive altcoins in the market. Mining Monero, based on the CryptoNote algorithm, is associated with less power consumption than Ethash / Dagger Hashimoto (Ethereum, Ethereum Classic, UBQ) and Equihash-basedcoins (Zcash, Zencash, Hush). This allows you to lower the temperature of the equipment and extend its service life. At last, the creation of a large Monero position using mining allows us to gain from the growth in the price of cryptocurrency in the future - with less risk than with a normal purchase. The mining and storage of cryptocurrency is similar to the concept of "Buy cheap - sell expensive." The only problem is that most buyers do not understand the technical analysis and do it at the most inopportune time.
Cryptocurrency mining turns your computer equipment into an asset that generates profit. In addition, its value in the secondary market is kept at a high level and even grows. The graphics cards purchased for mining in 2015 and 2016 were often sold at a higher price than the purchase price because of the high demand in the market in 2017. In other words, you can earn good money by mining cryptocurrency on your equipment and selling it when the target is reached. In this case, the sale on the secondary market allows you to compensate for the original value, and the coins produced are a pleasant bonus[3].
The Monero project has a strong team of seven developers. Five of them work under pseudonyms, and two, Riccardo of Spain and Francisco cabanas, are known to the General public. Monero is regularly updated: currently the updates are planned every six months, there will be new features and security enhancements. Thanks to this work plan Monero continues to develop, because everyone knows when you are expected a gradual upgrade of the system.
Immediately after the appearance of Monero, it was criticized for its anonymity, as weapons, drugs and other prohibited goods could be paid by crypto-currency. In part, the criticism turned out to be fair: in 2016, the rapid growth of Monero's market capitalization was due to its use for transactions on the large AlphaBay dark net market, closed by law enforcement agencies in the summer of 2017.
As of mid-October 2017, the Monero exchange rate is $ 95.14. The market capitalization in the amount of $ 1.447 billion approximates the crypto currency closely to the top ten in terms of this indication.



.I Dash A revolutionary digital money system.Meet Digital Cash.Use Dash to make instant, private payments online or in-store using our secure open-source platform hosted by thousands of users around the world.Instant and private purchases, direct from your Dash walletPay bills in AustraliaSecure, Private VPNMasternode HostingExchange Dash for BitcoinQuality Hosting3D Printing ServicesPrecious MetalsBook StoreGift CardsGame KeysPremium micro-lot winesYour time is valuable.  InstantSend payments confirm in less than a second.Protect your financial information.  PrivateSend ensures your activity history and balances are private.Security you can count on.  Transactions are confirmed by 200 TerraHash of X11 ASIC computing power and over 4,500 servers hosted around the world.At Dash’s core is a unique fully-incentivized peer-to-peer network.  Miners are rewarded for securing the blockchain and masternodes are rewarded for validating, storing and serving the blockchain to users.Masternodes represent a new layer of network servers that work in highly secure clusters called quorums to provide a variety of decentralized services, like instant transactions, privacy and governance, while eliminating the threat of low-cost network attacks.In Dash, everyone has a voice and the ability to propose projects directly to the network.  Anything you can do - from marketing to development - that helps Dash grow and improve can be funded.  This means Dash funds its own growth and adoption, consensus is guaranteed, and everyone is accountable to the network.Just submit a treasury proposal and present your idea to the network for funding and make your case, or if you operate a Masternode, be sure to vote!Thanks to incentivization, Dash’s network has grown to 4,100 masternodes since launch in 2014, meaning Dash’s peer-to-peer network is one of the largest in the world.More nodes means more secure services, and more capacity for end-users to access Digital Cash from anywhere in the world, 24/7.What’s next? We want digital currencies to be so easy to use your Grandma would use them.Dash Evolution will enable you to sign up and access your Dash from any device and transact as easily as you can with PayPal, but in a fully decentralized way. Stay tuned…Chuck, Suba, and Chris from Dash Core demonstrate three exploratory designs for the Dashpay DAP demo home screen

Come follow along with the Dash team as we enjoy Consensus 2018.

There I was listening to a panel with the lead developers of the cryptocurrency Dash, a very successful project with a $4 billion market cap. Like many other assets in this space, it aspires to be a currency for the world.

Please join Dash at Consensus 
Booth 520
14th - 16th May / NYC

Download the wallet and start using Digital Cash!Dash (formerly known as Darkcoin and XCoin) is an open-source peer-to-peer cryptocurrency that aims to be the most user-friendly and most on-chain-scalable cryptocurrency in the world. On top of Bitcoin's feature set, it currently offers instant transactions (InstantSend), private transactions (PrivateSend) and operates a self-governing and self-funding model that enables the Dash network to pay individuals and businesses to perform work that adds value to the network. Dash's decentralized governance and budgeting system makes it a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO).

Dash was originally released as XCoin (XCO) on January 18, 2014. On February 28, the name was changed to "Darkcoin." On March 25, 2015, Darkcoin was rebranded as "Dash." Dash is a portmanteau of "Digital Cash." Creator and lead developer of Dash, Evan Duffield, attributed this to a bug created when the Litecoin code was forked to create Dash, "which incorrectly converted the difficulty, then tried using a corrupt value to calculate the subsidy" Once the problem was resolved, Evan offered to relaunch the coin, but the community overwhelmingly disapproved. He suggested an "airdrop" of coins in order to broaden the initial distribution but the community also disapproved of this proposal. As such, the initial distribution was left alone and development of the project continued. The majority of mined coins were distributed on cryptocurrency exchanges in the following months at very low price levels.
The Dash Core Team, responsible for developing the currency, has since grown to 30 full-time employees, 20 part-time employees, and dozens of unpaid volunteers. All Core Team employees are paid from Dash's budget system and therefore are not reliant on donations or sponsorships that can lead to conflicts of interest.
According to CoinMarketCap, in June 2017 the daily trade volume of Dash was approximately $100 million per day and the market capitalization of Dash exceeded $4.8 billion. Dash has become the most active altcoin community on BitcoinTalk reaching more than 6400 pages, 133k replies, 7.9M reads.
Dash is designed as a dark coin to ensure user privacy and anonymity. Dash uses a Proof-of-stake consensus mechanism.[1].
Unlike Bitcoin's single-tier network, where all jobs on the network are performed by miners, Dash utilizes a two-tier network. Certain network functions, such as creating new blocks, are handled by the miners. The second tier of the Dash network consists of "masternodes" which perform PrivateSend, InstantSend, and governance functions.
Masternodes require 1000 DASH as collateral to prevent sybil attacks. That collateral can be spent at any time, but doing so removes the associated masternode from the network. Because masternodes provide vital network functions, the block reward is split between miners and masternodes, with each group earning 45% of the block reward. The remaining 10% of each block reward funds the "budget" or "treasury" system.
PrivateSend is a coin-mixing service based on CoinJoin, with numerous modifications. These include using masternodes instead of a single website, chaining by mixing with multiple masternodes, restricting the mixing to only accept certain denominations (e.g.: 0.01 DASH, 0.1 DASH, 1 DASH, and 10 DASH, etc.), and passive mode. The maximum allowed for a PrivateSend transaction is 1000 DASH.
Later iterations used a more advanced method of pre-mixing denominations built into the user's cryptocurrency wallet. The implementation of PrivateSend also allows masternodes to submit the transactions using special network code called DSTX, this provides additional privacy to users due to the deadchange issue present in other CoinJoin based implementations such as DarkWallet and CoinShuffle.
In June 2016, DarkSend was rebranded to PrivateSend.
In its current implementation it adds privacy to transactions by combining identical inputs from multiple users into a single transaction with several outputs. Due to the identical inputs, transactions usually cannot be directly traced, obfuscating the flow of funds. PrivateSend makes Dash "fungible" by mixing the coins in the same denomination with other wallets, ensuring that all coins are of the same value.
InstantSend is a service that allows for near-instant transactions. Through this system, inputs can be locked to specific transactions and verified by consensus of the masternode network. Conflicting transactions and blocks are rejected. If a consensus cannot be reached, validation of the transaction occurs through standard block confirmation. InstantSend solves the double-spending problem without the longer confirmation times of other cryptocurriencies such as Bitcoin.
In June 2016, InstantX was rebranded to InstantSend.
Dash is the first decentralized autonomous organization powered by a Sybil proof decentralized governance and funding system. Decentralized Governance by Blockchain (DGBB), often referred to simply as the "treasury system" is a means of coming to consensus on proposed network changes and funding development of the Dash ecosystem. Ten percent of the block rewards go to this "treasury" in order to pay for projects that benefit Dash. Funding from the treasury system has been used to hire additional developers and other employees, to fund attendance at conferences, and to fund integrations with major exchanges and API providers.
Each masternode operator receives one vote. Proposals are eligible for funding according to the following formula: (YES VOTES - NO VOTES) > (TOTAL NUMBER OF MASTERNODES * 0.1). If there are more proposals that meet that criterion than there are budget funds for the month, then the proposals with the highest number of net votes will be paid. Community interaction with proposal submitters is done through the dash.org forums, or through community-driven websites, like DashCentral. These websites allow proposal submitters to provide multiple drafts, then lobby for community support before finally submitting their project to the network for a vote. After the submitter has enough support, the network will automatically pay out the required funds in the next super block, which happens monthly.
The funding system has seen revenue growth. In September 2015, the treasury system provided $14,000 in funding per month. Due to increases in the value of Dash, as of May 2017 the treasury system provides over $650,000 per month in funding. The treasury system has created a positive feedback loop, whereby additional development increases the value of Dash, which increases the amount of funding provided by the budget system.

Dash Official Website
http://wikipedia.org/



.I NEM Built for performanceINTRODUCTION TO NEMNEM AdvantagesSmart Asset SystemUse Case ExamplesPlatform ArchitectureStart working with NEMHow does NEM push blockchain performance further?NEM’s blockchain platform was designed and coded from the ground up for scale and speed. NEM’s permissioned private blockchain delivers industry-leading transaction rates for internal ledgers. And its revolutionary consensus mechanism and the Supernode program ensure that NEM’s open, public blockchain can grow without ever compromising throughput or stability.NEM’s blockchain exposes its functionality through a powerful API interface that can be used with any programming language, not a specific “smart contract” language. Existing business logic code can easily mate up and use blockchain where it’s strongest: secure transactions and ledger keeping. In short, configure NEM for your business, and then deploy blockchain incrementally and without forced retooling of existing infrastructure.Unlike other blockchain technologies, NEM is built from the ground up with powerful modular customization for virtually any application. We call it our Smart Asset system. With it, NEM lets you focus on building exactly what you need, whether that’s a fintech system, tracking logistics, an ICO, document notarization, decentralized authentication, or much more.NEM’s architecture provides an incredibly secure and stable platform through its use of Eigentrust++ and an incentivized public node network based on its two-tier architecture. The significant risks inherent in on-blockchain “smart contracts” are eliminated by providing building block customization to NEM functionality that keeps application security in your hands, not on the blockchain. And NEM’s private blockchain option allows complete control over internal data privacy when a public blockchain isn’t the right solution.Focus on building exactly what you need, whether that’s a fintech system, tracking logistics, an ICO, document notarization, decentralized authentication, or much more.The NEM Smart Asset System allows you to totally customize how you use the NEM blockchain. First, your Namespace defines your home on the blockchain where you can name your own Mosaics, provide easy-to-remember names to user addresses, and more.Mosaics then are the basic building blocks of Smart Assets that you can use to represent lots of simple things: it could be a coin, a signature, a status update or more – you decide.To create truly Smart Assets however, NEM allows you to create Addresses that act as containers for Mosaics that can be connected with Multisig rules. An address can simply represent a user, such as an account holder. But it can also represent an individual unique asset such as a document, or a song, or a package. You can then update that asset through configurable Transactions.See our “example use cases” below to see how Smart Assets can be used to create a wide variety of blockchain solutions, quickly and reliably.NEM’s modular Smart Asset system enables businesses to build an incredible variety of real world application uses. By using NEM’s built-in features to define your Smart Assets and connect them together, you can represent almost any system of business transactions on the blockchain with minimal development.To see how to use NEM Smart Assets to build these and more use cases in more detail, see our Enterprise Use Cases page.NEM’s architecture is designed for both simplicity and flexibility of development. The blockchain itself is supported by nodes running NEM-provided software that implements NEM’s feature set and unique consensus mechanism. This may either be the open, decentralized, self-supporting NEM public blockchain, or it may be a permissioned private NEM blockchain running on your own servers.The NEM blockchain's range of features is made available to you through simple RESTful JSON calls to an API Gateway Server. This drastically simplifies creation of client apps, or interfacing servers to the blockchain. You can implement your usage of the blockchain using any language you prefer without being forced to reimplement existing business logic or develop in an unfamiliar environment.Fields marked with * are requiredI would like to receive regular news updates from NEMFields marked with * are required Contact Contact Contact© NEM.io Foundation Ltd (Singapore) 2014 - 2018 | All Rights Reserved | NEM ™
NEM is a peer-to-peer blockchain platform for app developers. Its native cryptocurrency is the XEM.[1] Its code was created from scratch in Java by the New Economy Movement (NEM), which seeks to build "a new economy based on the principles of financial freedom, decentralization, equality and solidarity".[2] [3] The project was conceived in January 2014 by the pseudonymous BitcoinTalk.org user UtopianFuture. The NEM blockchain, launched in March 2015, is public. NEM Foundation also runs a newer, private blockchain – Mijn. 
NEM aims to offer businesses a scalable[4], easily customizable platform with built-in services and features[5] such as "Namespaces (unique domains), Mosaics (customizable assets), 2.0 multisig contracts, and three forms of messaging".[6] The platform is not intended to be private or anonymous; transactions are completely traceable.[7]
NEM was written in Java, and a C++ version is in progress. The NEM blockchain uses an original consensus mechanism called Proof of Importance.[8] XEM cannot be mined. The total finite sum of 8,999,999,999 XEM was distributed to stakeholders upon project launch. XEM are either bought, or earned as a reward for 'harvesting', i.e. processing transactions.[7] Unlike other blockchains and institutions, the NEM blockchain does not instrinsically support smart contract.
The NEM.io Foundation (led by president Lon Wong, and VP Jeff McDonald) is based in Singapore.[9] NEM is most popular in Japan.

The project was created in January 2014, spearheaded by the pseudonymous UtopianFuture on BitcoinTalk.org forum. UtopianFuture was inspired by NXT, but wished to improve it.[10] Controversy surrounded the pseudonymous figure when "revelations that (UtopianFuture) was controlling multiple BitcoinTalk accounts to attack other AltCoins" led to his dissaperance.[2][11] The original declaration of principles and objectives of the project is in the OP, here.
Part of what motivated the creation of NEM was a perception that Bitcoin had gone mainstream.[2] Though there were originally thoughts of forking from the NXT blockchain, creators decided to build a new code from scratch in Java.
In order to carry out a fair initial distribution of XEM, the original token – NEMstake – was distributed to users who either contributed to the project in BTC via the Bitcointalk forums, in NXT via the NXT Asset Exchange, or contributed to the initial development and promotion of the project[12] (with code, marketing, graphics, etc).[2] A Sustainability Fund was "created to avoid a sizeable portion of the community distribution being under direct control of the development team as a result of unclaimed stakes. To mitigate this, a number of sub-funds would be declared with each sub-fund being allocated a percentage of the Sustainability Fund."[12]
A detailed account of NEM's original call to participation and stake redepmtion process is avaiable here.
The NEM Foundation was established on March 15 2017, incorporated in Singapore.[11] Its president is Lon Wong, its VP Jeff McDonald.
Approximately $545 million worth of NEM were stolen from the Tokyo-based Coincheck exchange on January 26th 2018. According to the Japan Times, the NEM Foundation "tracked stolen coins by marking accounts used for illicit transfers and urged virtual currency exchanges around the world not to process NEM payments from (them)." On March 12, the exchange announced reimbursements for the victims, some 260,000 holders.[9]
The NEM movement was created to build a "new economy based on the principles of financial freedom, decentralization, equality and solidarity". [2]
The NEM platform is meant to offer blockchain solutions to entrepeneurs and businesses.[13][14] It is meant to be easy to use, without a need for programming. It is designed for speed and scaleability, not for secrecy, which is why it has been described as being a contender to Visa, Paypal and Mastercard rather than a project for anonymity.[7]
The foundation is committed to working with businesses, governments and educational institutions. Its self declared purpose is to "introduce, educate, and promote the use of the NEM blockchain technology platform on an international scale to all industries and institutions." With the NEM distributed ledger, the Foundation helps businesses to effectively store transaction, customer, and supplier data; offers governments ways to improve transparency, prevent fraud, and establish trust; and allows educational institutions to store data around assessments, degrees, and transcripts, as well as verification of knowledge transfer between parties.[15]
The supply structure of NEM is finite with no emission.[16] This means that the entire finite supply of 8,999,999,999 XEM was distributed to 1500 original stake holders[14] who later distributed it within the community, at the birth of the project. Thus, XEM cannot be mined, and no inflation should be possible. NEM can be obtained in transactions with other holders, or by harvesting.[16][7]
Harvesting in NEM is analogous to mining in blocklchains like Bitcoin. It serves the same purpose of processing transactions and creating blocks in exchange for a reward in native cryptocurrency. The significant difference between mining and harvesting is that the latter does not need any specialized, high-energy-consuming hardware.[16][7]
When users broadcast transactions to the network, they pay a low transaction fee that goes towards supernodes. Supernodes are nodes that process payments on the network in order to obtain a reward in XEM (i.e. supernodes are nodes that harvest).
Users must have at least 10,000 XEM in their wallet in order to harvest, and 3 million XEM in order to become a supernode.  david_hay
"For users to be eligible to harvest XEM coins, a harvester’s wallet must have at least 10,000 vested XEM coins and, with the total supply of XEM being 8,999,99,999, that means that there can be a maximum total of 899,999 accounts that have an importance score of greater than zero. In the world of NEM, a harvester is essentially a miner, receiving transaction fees upon the formation of a new block created by a harvester. An additional characteristic that exists in the NEM world, is the existence of delegated harvesting. Harvesters are able to delegate the harvesting so that a harvester continues to earn transaction fees".[17]
Proof of Importance (PoI) is a consensus mechanism introduced by NEM as an alternative to the proof-of-work (PoW) and proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus mechanisms. It is meant to reflect how much support a user affords the network; i.e. how important a user is. Because NEM has no miners, voting power in the network is decided according to importance, measured by how many coins a user has, how many transactions have been made to and from the user's NEM wallets, and by nodes' reputation as reported by the Eigentrust++ algorithm (read section below).[17][3] PoI is similar to PoS in that is takes into account the amount of coins a user owns. However, PoI fundamentally differs from PoS in that it also takes into account transactions and overall behavior; it rewards users who spend the coins and disincentivizes users who hoard them. This ensures that the circulation of XEM in the network stays active.
The tenant behind PoI is that users who own and spend large amounts of XEM will make decisions that benefit the development of the project for good, since raising the value of the XEM is in their own interest.[7]
Eigentrust++ is a security clustering algorithm which monitors past behavior of nodes in the network and enables nodes to give reputation to their neighbors in clusters.[3] It is crucial to the PoI system.
The NEM platform has in-built multi-signature (multi-sig) contracts. They are different from Bitcoin's multi-sig, which are not intrinsic to the blockchain but reliant on third party software.[18]
Multi-sig contracts assign the rights and powers of one account to other accounts, turning regular accounts into multi-signature accounts. This allows groups of users to administrate the activity of an account, control assets and mosaics, or create additional contracts. A multi-sig account cannot send funds on its own but is bound by the contract and administered accordingly to the contract designated 'cosigners'.[18]
In an example, A and B could be two users who each have a Nano Wallet. They could sign either a multi-signature contract that gives each of them independent access to the funds in a multi-signature account (this is called a "multi-user account"), or a multi-signature contract in which any transaction needs to be approved by both of them (this is called a "multisig account").[18]
On the NEM bockchain, Apostille is used to notarize documents and make public timestamps.[2]
Nem is built around the “Smart Asset System”, which allows for a customized use of the blockchain, "as if it were a custom blockchain built for (the user's) application and assets".[19]
NEM is especially popular in the Japanese market, said to be second only to Bitcoin.[7][16] The director of NEM Japan is Zaif CEO, Takao Asayama.
Mijn is a private blockchain for businesses that require more secrecy.[20] It is based off of NEM technology.[21]
Catapult is an upgrade on the Mijn blockchain. Catapult enables 4,000 transactions to be processed per second.[20] NEM's Catapult is the first blockchain solution to apply the private/public chain model.[22]
The official NEM wallet is the Nano Wallet. It is available for download here



.I Tether This process is automatic. Your browser will redirect to your requested content shortly.Please allow up to 5 seconds…
Tether (USDT) is a cryptocurrency with reference to fiat currencies that is issued by Tether Limited Company.
Using the technology of blockchain, Tether allows the users to keep, send and receive digital tokens pegged to dollars, euros and yens.
Tether uses blockchain via the Omni Layer protocol. The Omni Layer protocol is the software with an open source code that interacts with blockchain, ensuring the release and redemption of crypto currency token on the basis of Bitcoin.
Tether currencies are 100% supported by the actual currency actives on a reserve account of the Tether platform. The crypto currency can be bought or exchanged for fiat currencies in accordance with the service terms of Tether Limited.
Tether USD crypto currency is presented on a range of exchanges including Poloniex, Bitfinex, Kraken, and presents a virtual analog of the US dollar. In September 2017, the Ethfinex exchange announced about the support of USDT.
In summer 2017, the plans about issuing USDT tokens on the blockchain of Litecoin were announced.
At the moment, Tether is working with US dollars and euros; in the nearest future it is planned to add operations with Japanese yens. Tethers pegged to these currencies are marked as USDT, EURT and JPYT correspondingly. The financial support of the crypto currencies is carried out by a bank trust that is working in Taiwan.
The ratio of the volume of Tether issued coins and the financial support can be seen on the platform’s website in the real-time mode.
Despite the stated parity of USDT and USD, in the middle of October 2017, the crypto currency is traded for a little under one dollar.
Theoretically, USDT can be exchanged for dollars at any moment at the Tether platform itself. However, in the platform’s rules it is stated that Tether is not money and not financial tools and Tether Limited is not obliged to carry out the exchange of its tokens for fiat currencies as well as it doesn’t guarantee such exchange and protection from losses when buying, selling or buying out of Tethers.
Some experts think that in this way the company insures from possible regulatory restrictions in various jurisdictions. However, in the same way, the crypto currency may actually lose a real support because it won’t be managed to actualize the right of its exchange.
Tether holds itself as a crypto platform that is obliged to act in a safe and transparent way, following all requirements and rules at that.
This is why Tether doesn’t work in those countries and some states of the USA that do not regulate virtual currencies.
Among the countries with a limited functioning of crypto currencies are: Afghanistan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, North Korea, Ethiopia, Iran, Iraq, Laos, Syria, Uganda, Vanuatu, and Yemen. The use of crypto currencies is also limited in New York and Washington.
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/tether/
https://steemit.com/cryptocurrency/@basiccrypto/tether-introduction-or-hedging-the-crypto-market
https://tether.to/faqs/
https://www.cryptocompare.com/coins/guides/what-is-usdt-and-how-to-use-it/



.I VeChain 
        VeChain has accumulated extensive experience in an ever expanding list of industries including pharmaceuticals, liquor, automobile, luxury goods, retail, logistics, supply chain, food and cold storage and more.
      Business Development: bd@vechain.comRecruitment: hr@vechain.comVeResearch Program: veresearch@vechain.comMedia: press@vechain.comOthers: info@vechain.com+65 (0) 9037 95437 Straits View, Marina One East Tower, #05-01, Singapore, 018936Recruitment: hr@vechain.comVeResearch Program: veresearch@vechain.comMedia: press@vechain.comOthers: info@vechain.com+65 (0) 9037 95437 Straits View, Marina One East Tower, #05-01, Singapore, 018936VeResearch Program: veresearch@vechain.comMedia: press@vechain.comOthers: info@vechain.com+65 (0) 9037 95437 Straits View, Marina One East Tower, #05-01, Singapore, 018936Media: press@vechain.comOthers: info@vechain.com+65 (0) 9037 95437 Straits View, Marina One East Tower, #05-01, Singapore, 018936Others: info@vechain.com7 Straits View, Marina One East Tower, #05-01, Singapore, 018936
.I Ethereum Classic Ethereum Classic is a decentralized platform that runs smart contracts: applications that run exactly as programmed without any possibility of downtime, censorship, fraud or third party interference.Ethereum Classic is a continuation of the original Ethereum blockchain - the classic version preserving untampered history; free from external interference and subjective tampering of transactions.We believe the core value proposition of any blockchain is immutability; valid transactions can never be erased or forgotten. Individuals interacting on Ethereum Classic are governed by this reality; Code is Law.This does not necessarily mean that code replaces existing laws, or that only code is law (there are many geographical jurisdictions), but it gives users the opportunity to enter into a new blockchain-based jurisdiction where agreements are governed by code.By entering into contracts on Ethereum Classic, you can be certain that the network remains neutral. The outcome of transactions will be dictated by code you voluntarily interact with. Unless explicitly defined by the contract code, there are no reversals, no undos, no opt-outs.Transactions are final; applications are unstoppable.There are many problems that fester due to centralization and opaqueness; corruption, unaccountability, nepotism, inefficiency and stagnation. Ultimately, centralization leads to fragility; only decentralized systems can stand the test of time.These problems can be only solved by adhering to governance systems that do not rely on a central point of failure. Just like distributed networks and the consensus protocol itself, we believe that only truly decentralized projects can survive in the long run.Ethereum Classic manifests these values by relinquishing control by a formalized central foundation. The only hierarchy is that of transparent meritocracy and mutual reputation. No backroom deals or behind-closed-doors unilateral decision making; just free and open discourse.Vitalik Buterin and The Ethereum Foundation create the first blockchain-based turing-complete smart contract platformSlock.it construct TheDAO Ethereum Contract; a security audit is completed by DejavuTheDAO smart contract is deployed; members of the public send it value in return for DAO tokensSlock.it announce a $1.5 Million USD proposal, paid in Ether by the crowdfund, 'to guarantee the integrity of The DAO'On the last day of the crowdsale, DAO curator Vlad Zamfir calls for a moratorium on TheDAO, citing many game-theoretical security issuesThe crowdsale completes to become the world's largest and raising an incredible $150 Million USDPeter Vessenes publicly discloses the existence of a critical security vulnerability overlooked in many Solidiy contractsStephan Tual publicly claims that TheDAO funds are safe despite the newly-discovered critical security flawEther is slowly and silently drained from TheDAO as the re-entry bug is appliedThe price of Ether is slashed in half as Griff Green announces that TheDAO has been hackedTheDAO's splitting mechanism gives around a month for a solution to be found that recovers the funds; Foundation and community developers race to implement a soft forkA group of 'white-hat' hackers secure 70% of TheDAO funds but protocol-level action is required to save the remaining 30% split by the hackerThe Ethereum Foundation releases a 'Soft Fork' client to censor transactions coming from the hacker; mining pools vote to enable it by lowering gas limitCritical Denial of Service flaws are found in the Soft Fork implementation, miners quickly decide not to use itMany days of intense arguing goes on in the Ethereum community about the pros and cons of implementing a Hard ForkThe only remaining option is a controversial Hard Fork. A Specification is determined and announced by Slock.it and Ethereum Foundation membersWith 12 hours notice, The Ethereum Foundation use a controversial third party 'coin vote' to determine that the Hard Fork should be turned on by default; consensus is declared and an updated client is releasedWith around 80% of nodes updating to the new client, the community nervously await the arrival of the Hard Fork activation block 1920000The community lets out a sigh of relief as the Hard Fork code is succesfully implemented with no obvious flaws; champagne corks are popped all over the globeWith predictions of the original non-forked chain to disappear within hours, many are surprised to find that miners continue mining blocks and OTC trading of the original chain tokens gives them valueThe largest Ethereum exchange lists 'ETC' - Ethereum Classic; many exchanges quickly follow suit, ETC price peaks to 1/3 of ETH'sFlame wars begin in the once peaceful /r/Ethereum and /r/ethtrader subreddits and economically-charged vitriolic spats begin to take hold of the community as it comes to terms with the splitThe Ethereum Classic community begins to branch off from the forked-chain subreddits and form its own communication channels, including /r/EthereumClassic, Slack and TelegramThe Robin Hood Group attempts to dump a large quantity of stolen ETC on the market. Poloniex freezes the funds. Uncertainty reaches an all time high.A Declaration of Independence on the ETC website is published stating ETC no longer wants to be in association with the Foundation. The document, signed by the community, highlights the Ethereum values, which they believed were violated as well as how they plan to move forward.The Ethereum Classic community begins to rally behind a stabilizing ETC price by rebuilding on the Classic network; this website is created, groups are formed, new ideas begin to surfaceMillions of previously locked or frozen ETC become available to DAO token holders and DAO attacker. Despite predictions of doom and gloom, ETC price holds remarkably well in face of huge dumpsBoth Ethereums are hit with non-stop network attacks; ETC devs quickly ensure smooth and uncontentious network upgrade to patch exploited vulnerabilitiesClassic community starts debating ETC monetary policy and emission schedule, as a way to align interests of platform users, miners, investors and developersA team of 7 full-time developers, committed by IOHK, starts working for Ethereum ClassicETC goes through a non-contentious network upgrade, resolving critical issues such as difficulty bomb and replay attacksA team of long-term ETC contributors and volunteers rebrands as a ETCDEV teamEthereum Classic community adopts a fixed-cap monetary policy with a Bitcoin-like limited emission scheduleGrayscale circulates investment thesis for 'Ethereum (ETC) Investment Trust', first non-bitcoin crypto fund targeted at traditional investorsAs Ethereum Classic community and its two independent dev teams start to focus efforts on development and applications, we look forward to ETC becoming a decentralized immutable public infrastructure of the future...Ethereum Classic is an open-source, public, blockchain-based distributed computing platform featuring smart contract (scripting) functionality. It provides a decentralized Turing-complete virtual machine, the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM), which can execute scripts using an international network of public nodes. Ethereum Classic also provides a value token called "classic ether", which can be transferred between participants, stored in a cryptocurrency wallet and is used to compensate participant nodes for computations performed.
The classic ether token is traded on cryptocurrency exchanges under the ticker symbol ETC. Gas, an internal transaction pricing mechanism, is used to prevent spam on the network and allocate resources proportionally to the incentive offered by the request.[1]
The Ethereum platform has been forked into two versions: "Ethereum Classic" (ETC) and "Ethereum" (ETH). Prior to the fork, the token had been called Ethereum.  After the fork, the new tokens kept the name Ethereum (ETH), and the old tokens were renamed Ethereum Classic" (ETC). Ethereum Classic appeared as a result of disagreement with the Ethereum Foundation regarding The DAO Hard Fork. It united members of the Ethereum community who rejected the hard fork on philosophical grounds. Users that owned ETH before the DAO hard fork (block 1920000[2]) owns an equal amount of ETC after the fork.
Ethereum Classic passed a technical hard fork to adjust the internal prices for various opcodes of the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) on October 25, 2016, similar to the hard fork committed by Ethereum a week previously. The purpose of the hard fork was a more rational distribution of payments for resource-intensive calculations, which led to the elimination of the favorable conditions for attacks that were previously conducted on ETH and ETC. A hard fork held in the beginning of 2017 successfully delayed the "bomb complexity" that was added to the Ethereum code in September 2015 with a view of exponentially increasing the complexity of mining and the process of calculation of new network units. In late 2017, a hard fork occurred which changed the monetary policy with unlimited emissions to a system similar to Bitcoin.

In May 2016, a venture capital fund called The DAO built on Ethereum raised around $168 million, with the intention of investing in projects using smart contracts. In the same month a paper was released detailing security vulnerabilities with The DAO that could allow ether to be stolen. In June, 3.6 million Ether (approximately $50 million USD) was taken from accounts in The DAO and moved to another account without the owners' consent, exploiting one of the vulnerabilities that had been raised in May.  Members of The DAO and the Ethereum community debated what actions, if any, should occur to resolve the situation. A vote occurred and in July 2016 it was decided to implement a hard fork in the Ethereum code and to move the Ether taken in the exploit to a new smart contract through which it would be restored to the owners from whom it had been taken.[3]
Ethereum Classic came into existence when some members of the Ethereum community rejected the hard fork on the grounds of "immutability", the principle that the blockchain cannot be changed, and decided to keep using the unforked version of Ethereum.[4]
Ethereum Classic underwent a technical hard fork to adjust the internal pricing for running various op codes on the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) on 25 October 2016, similar to the hard fork the ETH chain did a week earlier. The goal was to more rationally price various compute-intensive and external reference commands to reduce the incentive for spammers who had conducted a month-long distributed denial-of-service attack on the Ethereum Classic network. A hard fork that occurred early 2017 successfully delayed the so-called "difficulty bomb", originally added to Ethereum's code in September 2015 in order to exponentially increase the difficulty of mining, or the competitive process by which new transaction blocks are added to the network.[5] The people who continued with Ethereum Classic advocate for blockchain immutability, and the concept that "code is law" against the pro-fork side (Ethereum) which largely argued for extra-protocol intentionality, decentralized decision-making, and conflict resolution.
Various critics of Ethereum Classic have denounced it as a scam[6] and a potential theft of intellectual property, with similar controversial remarks being made on behalf of the opposing camp. Ethereum Classic has retained some users of Ethereum and has also attracted others from the wider crypto-community who reject contentious forks on ideological grounds. The project, however, is not officially supported by the Ethereum Foundation.[7]
On June 29th, 2017 the Ethereum Classic Twitter account made a public statement indicating reason to believe that the Classic Ether Wallet Website had been compromised. Information security news organization Threatpost later reported that the compromise occurred due to a social engineering attack against the CEW websites domain registrar 1@1. The Ethereum Classic Twitter account confirmed the details released via Threatpost. The Ethereum Classic team worked with CloudFlare, a company specializing in internet security services, to place a warning on the compromised domain warning users of the phishing attack.
Ethereum Classic works via blockchain with smart contracts. Smart contracts are contracts with prescribed conditions that are fulfilled automatically when these conditions are achieved.
The participants of the blockchain network can give “classic ether” to each other, keep it in their wallets. With “ether, the node participants are also rewarded for carrying out calculations while checking transactions. The inner mechanism of the pricing formation of transactions, gas, is used for the prevention of spam in the network and distribution of resources proportionally to the incentive offered by the request.
The division of the initial Ethereum platform into Ethereum and Ethereum Classic happened after a big hacker attack on The DAO (decentralized autonomous organization) – the platform for venture investments on the base of Ethereum. In June 2016, the hackers managed to find a loophole in the defense and transfer about 50 million dollars from DAO – a third part of the collected amount.
As according to the terms of the smart contract, the funds could be used only 28 days after the transaction, there came a possibility to get back the stolen funds before the attackers could take them. During the search for a solution, the blockchain community has been divided.
Some people believed that the system should be “rolled back” to the moment of the attack on DAO and a new fork of blockchain should be created to return the stolen funds to all victims with the help of the smart contract.  A part of the community made a stand against this decision stating that it defies the very principles of the blockchain as a self-regulated and democratic system.
However, the majority has voted for the division and so the present Ethereum platform has appeared. The part that was left on the old blockchain has created Ethereum Classic.
On the base of Ethereum the cryptocurrency “ether” (ETH) is working, which the “classic ether” (ETC) of the Ethereum Classic platform has nothing in common with. Ethereum is constantly developing and releasing updates, but Ethereum Classic cannot use them. In addition, Ethereum supports more big players of the cryptocurrency market.
In the middle of October 2017, one “classic ether” is traded for $11.55 with the market capitalization of 1.112 billion dollars. At the same time, one ETH costs $293.37, and the capitalization of Ethereum is over 27.9 billion dollars.



.I Bytecoin The first private untraceable cryptocurrencyProtection of privacyQuick start with one of the most easy-to-use wallets to be a part of the Bytecoin ecosystem.Minimized risksYour path to start the safest business cooperation with an enterprise-ready solution based on blockchain technology.Maximum growthGot an idea to become an investor of a private and sustainable project? We’ve got the special solutions for those who’d like to store their funds in a private and secure way.Bytecoin is an open-sourced decentralized cryptocurrency with untraceable payments that was started in 2012. Join us to be a contributor of a worldwide network system that predicts the future.The latest Bytecoin news, updates and useful tipsBytecoin Price Online From CoinMarketCap
Bytecoin (BCN) is the first CryptoNote based cryptocurrency launched in July 2012. CryptoNote [1] technology provides absolute anonymity to Bytecoin using Ring Signatures [2] and one-time addresses. This type of anonymous transactions make it almost impossible to find out the sender/receiver address. Currently Bytecoin developers are the most active ones so the CryptoNote cause still prospers.
Bytecoin (BCN) is often confused with a Bitcoin fork also named Bytecoin (BTE), launched April 1st, 2013. The latter is a near-exact copy of Bitcoin. Bytecoin (BCN) was created from scratch and is not a fork of Bitcoin in any way. Bytecoin’s history is completely covered in mist: countless puzzles, unknown developers names and secret messages. 
where MSupply = (2^64 - 1) atomic units and 'A' is amount of already generated coins;
Bytecoin is a CPU-mined currency which makes it more attractive to more people. Bytecoin is using Egalitarian Proof-of-Work egalitarian ASIC/GPU resistant CryptoNight algorithm. Basically, every modern PC should be able to handle profitable Bytecoin mining.
Bytecoins genesis block was found [3] all the way back in July 2012.
There always been a lot of mystery behind the Bytecoin. Reddit user joethejudge77[4] created a theory of why Bytecoin was meant to start in 2012.[5] How the technology logically came to the advent of cryptocurrencies with ring signature and memory-bound function PoW implementation. Soon after Bitcoin's release the community started to raise concerns about its anonymity with multiple solutions and propositions. 
Another interesting part of Bytecoin’s history is its deep web heritage. There is not much information about that period of time. Though there is a few interesting links which are pointing to some parts of Bytecoin history in DW. 
One other thing worth mentioning is so called “teams” that were working, testing and mining Bytecoin back in a day. Old BCN website newsfeed contains a lot of references to these teams, such as: V. Hugo, The R guy, Dante etc. This part of the history was also confirmed in the Bytecoin thread on Bitcointalk.[6]
Bytecoin is an open source software. Crypto currency uses the principle of Proof-of-work ("Proof of work performance").
The algorithm for mining in Bytecoin differs in that it actively uses the AES command system for x86 microprocessors and a large amount of memory, which makes mining on the GPU less efficient than for Bitcoin.
It uses the unique CryptoNight algorithm. The essence of the algorithm is in the ring signature, which provides the maximum program anonymity for today. The cryptographic basis for the protocol was created by Ron Rivest, Adi Shamir and Yael Taumann in 2001, and finalized by E. Fujisaki and K. Suzuki in 2007. The EdDSA scheme proposed by the American mathematician Daniel Bernstein is used as the signature algorithm. Additional transaction obfuscation was added to this basis.
Due to CryptoNote and the obfuscation added to the protocol, passive mixing is provided: all transactions in the system are anonymous, and all participants in the system can use plausible deniability in the event of a capture.
<
Bytecoin advertises itself as a completely anonymous altcoin. Bytecoin claims the following features[7]:
Bytecoin is primarily used for anonymous transactions. In addition, Bytecoin is used as a currency in some online stores.
[8][9]
As of 1 December 2017, the Dukley Hotel & Resort in Montenegro allows booking rooms by paying with Bytecoin. Since January of 2018, the Domaine de Cromey in Saint-Sernin-du-Plain, France allows booking of food and wine related holidays by paying in Bytecoin. Also in January, online wine retailer Burgundy Wine Cellars who delivers small production Burgundy wine to most of the United States began accepting payment in Bytecoin and other Cryptocurrencies. [10]



.I Binance Coin Translations by Google is provided for 
							convenience and is not verified contextually.
							Please refer to original for accuracy.
						Binance Coin is an ERC20 token issued on the Ethereum blockchain by the popular cryptocurrency exchange Binance.

The token was established with a total supply of 200 million. As per the whitepaper, Binance plans to use 20% of the profits each Quarter to buyback and burn BNB, until 50% of the total BNB supply (100 million) is burned. The BNB token itself has multiple forms of utility, essentially being the underlying gas that powers the Binance Ecosystem. The current most prominent use cases include using BNB to:
In the future, Binance will build a decentralized exchange, where BNB will be used as one of the key base assets as well as gas to be spent.
Official Website



.I Qtum 
Qtum (read Quantum) is a Chinese hybrid platform that connects the existing blockchain with a virtual machine, such as Ethereum. A platform that enables developers to build applications and smart contracts on the current blockchain technology.
Focusing on building a platform that helps companies create smart contracts on blockchain, Qtum is a toolkit in the first place. Designed to be both robust and modular, the platform can create small contracts to be used on most major blockchain.
Qtum is a project for the creation of a public blockchain with an open-source code, combining the technologies of Bitcoin and Ethereum. The Qtum Foundation Company that is implementing the project is located in Singapore and was founded by Patrick Dai, the developer of the Chinese origin[1].
Qtum ICO start date: 2017-03-17
Qtum (Quantum) is an open-source, decentralized project that aims to capitalize on the success of Bitcoin, while competing for the Decentralized Application (DAPP) and Smart Contract market. The goal is to work with industry partners, and launch the first Value Transfer Protocol (VTP). This will streamline daily business routines, and allow for easier adoption. Qtum aims to become the platform with Smart Contracts that execute as part of an Unspent Transaction Output (UTXO).
More information in the project whitepaper: https://qtum.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/Qtum_blockchain_economy_whitepaper_20170209_EN.pdf
While bitcoin is pleased to remain a standard cryptocurrency, providing users with very little functionality, safely protecting against each other cryptocurrencies, Qtum creates a platform capable of running decentralized applications and smart contracts.
When a business develops a new application, website, or software, the application database must be stored on the server. This is called a centralized system. It doesn't matter if this database is stored on the same server or on multiple servers, a hacker attack can change the datasets, and there is no way to verify what was changed. The platform enables enterprises to develop decentralized applications. Using blockchain technology for bitcoin to store transactions in each user's system, all transactions must be verified, and after verification there is no way to change them without alerting each user of the chain.
Smart contracts are considered contracts of the future. They are similar to how a Bank's standing order (SO) will work. Just as SO-Bank takes EUR300 on the FIRST day of each month, a smart contract transfers digital assets, such as cryptocurrencies from one user to one or more other users, based on a set of predefined requirements.Smart contracts exist on a blockchain and run automatically if the requirements encoded in the contract are met. The platform offers a scripting language that allows users to easily create such contracts.
Based on Bitcoin's UTXO model, the simple payment verification (SPV) Protocol is supported by default by The qtum codebase. As a result, you can now execute smart contracts from lite-wallets, which can be easily installed on any mobile device, declaring the age of mobile decentralized applications. Thanks to this, the blockchain is finally ready to present itself in a world in which half of all Internet traffic is generated by smartphones and tablets.
The platform extends the bitcoin scripting language to work as a means to port code to the EVM Qtum version. This makes it possible to execute smart contracts and run decentralized applications simply and securely in environments that were previously inaccessible to creating entire chains, combining the endless possibilities offered by smart contracts with the stability and maturity of the bitcoin ecosystem[2].
Qtum is compatible with existing Ethereum contracts as well as Bitcoin gateways and will maintain backward compatibility even if the system is upgraded.
The Qtum technology combines the transaction model of Bitcoin with the developed consensus system of Ethereum[3].
On the one hand, the Qtum blockchain uses the UTXO model (unspent transaction outputs, or a set of unused transaction outputs). This model blocks the outputs and requires from the users to provide evidence of the asset ownership to spend it - this is how Bitcoin works. Along with this, a virtual machine for smart contracts on the analogy with Ethereum is built in over the Qtum blockchain. Thus, the Qtum blockchain combines the proof-of-work consensus and the smart contract technology.
Thanks to a hybrid nature of the blockchain in combination with the first of a kind PoS consensus protocol, Qtum apps will be able to be compatible with the main blockchains as well as support the work on mobile devices and the devices of the “Internet of things”. 
QTUM market cap on 12 OCT 2017: $686,878,000     
QTUM price on 12 OCT 2017: $11.64
The developers of Qtum believe that both Bitcoin and Ethereum have their own disadvantages that hold off the developers of corporate products from these technologies and hope to take this niche.
The project has awakened interest already on the development stage and managed to attract $1 million from Blockchain angels (venture investors in the sphere of blockchain) at once. The coming to the ICO also turned out to be successful and brought $15.6 million to the startup[4]. 
The emission of Qtum at the moment of the ICO in April 2017 made out 100 million tokens. 51% of them were available for selling to a wide audience on exchanges; the remaining 49% were distributed according to a predetermined mechanism.
By the middle of October 2017, Qtum tokens are traded for $11.69 with the market capitalization of almost $690 million. 



.I ICON HYPERCONNECTTHE WORLDThe ICON project is building one of the largest decentralized networks in the world.CONNECTING CRYPTO TO REAL WORLDThe ICON Network is comprised of various institutions ranging from: financial institutions, insurance companies, hospitals, universities and more.ICONexICONex is ICON's Wallet supporting ICX and various cryptocurrencies.ICONex boasts faster transactions, secure payments, and liquid exchange across multiple cryptocurrencies with user-friendly UX and UI.ICONickICONick is a convenient ‘wallet ID’ used in the ICON network.Use your own unique nickname instead of a long and complicated default wallet address to conveniently transfer or exchange ICX.BIAAs a key member of ‘Blockchain Interoperability Alliance’, ICON shares a common goal to interconnect with isolated blockchain networks and develop global standards for inter-blockchain networks.OUR SERVICES
						LATESTNEWS
					
Hello ICON World

Hello ICON World

Hello ICON World

Hello ICON World

Hello ICON World

Hello ICON World

Hello ICON World

Hello ICON World

Hello ICON World
ICON NEWSLETTERWorld-leading Blockchain Partners & InstitutionsICON is supported by influential blockchain partners including global accelerators, cryptocurrency-focused venture capitalists, law firms, and blockchain media platforms.Send a MessageQuick MenuFAQPROJECTSICX OVERVIEWWallet DownloadICONex©2018 ICON FoundationPrivacyTermsICON +WHAT is ICONICONickBIAICX +OverviewICONexProjectsTeam +MembersPartnersSupport +FAQCommunityWhitepaperWalletICON TrackerICON is a cryptocurrency attempting to connect blockchain technology with the real world.
ICON (ICX) - Hyperconnect the World.
Project website
ICO start date: 2017-09-20
The ICON project is building a global decentralized network.In the ICON world, independent blockchains with different governances can transact with one another without intermediaries. Dozens of reputable institutions are already in the network. Anyone can create a new blockchain project and join the network.

More information in the project whitepaper: http://docs.icon.foundation/ICON-Whitepaper-EN-Draft.pdf
Telegram
Twitter
Slack
Facebook
Blog
Linkedin
Project website
https://tokenmarket.net/blockchain/loopchain/assets/icon/



.I Zcash Bitcoin and most cryptocurrencies expose your entire payment history to the public. Zcash is the first open, permissionless cryptocurrency that can fully protect the privacy of transactions using zero-knowledge cryptography.Get StartedLearn More
A decentralized and open-source cryptocurrency that provides strong privacy protections							
Shielded transactions hide the sender, recipient, and value on the blockchain							
If Bitcoin is like http for money, Zcash is https—a secure transport layer							In order to remain equally interchangeable, units of cryptocurrency must be unlinked from their history so that one unit is as good as any other unit. Zcash brings fungibility to cryptocurrency by unlinking shielded coins from their history on the blockchain.Zcash is pioneering the use of zero-knowledge proofs, applying cutting-edge cryptography to blockchain technology. Zero-knowledge proofs allow fully encrypted transactions to be confirmed as valid. This new property will enable entire new classes of blockchain applications to be built.In the pre-digital currency world, both individuals and enterprises could justifiably assume that their financial transactions would be kept confidential. With Zcash, users can enjoy the advantages of using a public blockchain, while still being sure that their private information is protected.
Learn More
The scientists, advisors and engineers of ZECC developed and launched the Zcash protocol; this includes all of the authors of the Zerocash protocol, most of the creators of the Zerocoin protocol, and leading researchers of zk-SNARKs themselves.
Learn More
Zcash finally fulfills an early promise of Bitcoin technology - the ability to transact freely and privately with anyone in the world. This protects the right to privacy held by all individuals on Earth, and opens up new commercial use cases which were impossible without truly confidential transactions.Zcash is an important project being worked on by a very talented team.Zcash has garnered a lot of attention from all around the world. VCs have invested in Zcash, there’s cutting edge security technology behind it and that’s resulted in quite a lot chatter in the crypto community. Zcash holds an extraordinary amount of promise.Technically, it's a challenge to have fungibility in a shared blockchain, yet money requires fungibility. It's exciting to see the Zcash team working toward adding real fungibility to blockchains and with the strength and talent of this team, this is only the tip of the iceberg.Privacy is an essential part of cryptocurrency security, and despite some initial mistaken beliefs to the contrary, Bitcoin alone doesn't provide that. Zcash is the first cryptocurrency that provides the level of privacy users deserve and expect.Zcash is strongest where Bitcoin is weakest; It gives users the easy ability to maintain their financial privacy. If anything can compete with Bitcoin, it will be on this front.
                        .
                    
                        .
                    
                        We support science.
                    © 2017 Zerocoin Electric Coin CompanyZcash (ZEC) is a decentralized open-source cryptocurrency that ensures privacy and selective transparency of transactions.  Zcash payments are published on the public blockchain, but the sender, receiver and transfer amount remain confidential.
The level of anonymity of Zcash is noted by many well-known companies and individuals. For example, WikiLeaks began accepting donations in Cash, Edward Snowden called cryptocurrency the most interesting alternative to Bitcoin, and Europol officially expressed concern about the increasing popularity of cryptocurrency.

Zcash cryptocurrency is based on the protocol of Bitcoin, however, it supports its own blockchain and currency token. Like Bitcoin, Zcash cryptocurrency can be sent around the world and exchanged for other crypto or fiat currencies through online exchanges, personal transfers etc.
The emission capacity of Zcash makes out 21 million coins, new blocks with the size of 2 Mb are being created every 2.5 minutes. The block reward makes out 12.5 ZEC and will be reduced twice every 4 years starting from the moment of launch in October 2016.
The main technical peculiarity of Zcash is the use of the zero-knowledge proof, which allows to confirm transactions without disclosing additional information and makes the use of the crypto currency totally anonymous.
In 2014, zerocoin developers from Johns Hopkins University and cryptographic teams from Massachusetts Institute of technology, Israel Institute of Technology and tel Aviv University developed the zerocash Protocol. Together they were able to improve the original design, making it more efficient and more private[1].
The zcash for the project was officially announced as the Executive Director Zuko Wilcox. January 20, 2016 as the evolution of the Existing zerocoin project (work of Matthew green, Ian Mayer, Christina Harman, Aviel D. Rubin, Johns Hopkins University, Department of computer science).
With the use of the new Protocol appeared independent cryptocurrency Zcash (ZEC), ceased to be a "Supplement" to bitcoin. On October 28, 2016, Zuko Wilcox held the official" cryptographic ceremony " of the Zcash launch.
Zero-knowledge proof is a cryptographic principle that allows to check transactions with encrypted data of the sender’s address, receiver’s address and the transferred amount.
Zcash uses a specific type of the zero-knowledge proof that is called zk-SNARKs. For that end, in a Zcash transaction a data string (“key tuple”) is generated by the sender, which consists of a spending key, viewing key and billing address.
A sender cannot generate this string unless he possesses spending keys or the values of sending and receiving are not equal. Zk-SNARKs also creates a unique nullifying function, which marks the tokens as spent after the transaction completion.
Usually, a collection of a billing address, viewing and spending keys is encrypted and unavailable for users. In this way, the transaction check with the keeping the confidentiality of its details is carried out. However, Zcash can carry out public transaction too, providing
all data of keys in this case[2].
During the first 4 years, a tenth of the whole possible money stock will be divided among the founders, investors, employees and consultants of the Zcash project – the so-called “rewarding of founders”.
The investors who invested funds in the creation of Zcash will all together receive 1.65%, the founders, employees and consultants – 5.72%. Another 1.19% will go to the “Strategic Reserve of Zcash Company”, while the remaining 1.44% will be received by the non-commercial organization Zcash Foundation, founded in May 2017. The strategic reserve will be used for financing of a new project that will increase the value of Zcash Company and the task of the Foundation is to support and maintain the Zcash protocol.
As of the middle of October, Zcash costs about $227.07 with the market capitalization of $536.83 million, being according to the latter parameter on the 15th place among all crypto currencies active in the market.
Due to a complicated mechanism of Zcash transactions, they take much time into account – up to 1-2 minutes, while traditional crypto currencies spend several seconds on it. In September 2017, the developers announced that they have created a new algorithm that makes the generation process of zk-SNARK five times faster. The software update must be released in 2018.
At the beginning of October, the Waves Platform added new gateways or Zcash and Litecoin. The management of Zcash announced that they plan to develop the crypto currency in the Asian market, having announced the entry into Bithumb, the South-Korean exchange[3].



.I OmiseGO OmiseGO enables financial inclusion and interoperability through the public, decentralized OMG network.The OMG network is a scaling solution for finance on Ethereum, enabling transparent, peer-to-peer transactions in real-time. The decentralized network facilitates self-sovereign financial services across geographies, asset classes and applications.Build an app with our SDK to enable wallet-to-wallet transactions of crypto and fiat currencies, loyalty points, game credits and more.Use the OMG network to access, manage, and transact with digital assets that are kept securely on chain.Offer a decentralized exchange mechanism to provide multi-asset and cross-chain interoperability, that is scalable and secure via proof-of-stake.Secure and rapid transaction clearing with the use of Ethereum smart contracts and protocol consensus.Through the open source, white-label SDK, digital wallet providers can connect to the public OMG network to enable users to transact any digital assets, including crypto and fiat currencies.Bonding to the Ethereum blockchain creates secure token custody, decentralized exchange of all Ethereum assets, and ultra-secure transaction validation.The Plasma architecture allows for unlimited scalability with unprecedented transaction speed: millions, and potentially billions of transactions per second.Financial applications, such as wallets, will be able to interact seamlessly with one another via the OMG network. Users will also be able to trade assets from different blockchains protocols, like Bitcoin.OMG is not owned by any central authority; it is controlled by users and validators (stakers) on the network. Through staking, token holders can validate transactions and earn fees. As the network gains value, so does the token.OMG is designed to pioneer the Plasma architecture, the leading Ethereum Layer 2 scalability solution. The OMG network is a proof-of-stake and infinitely scalable Plasma blockchain with a decentralized exchange built into its core consensus layer. The Plasma construction allows for low-cost security, scalability, and settlement for all financial applications that will run on the OMG network.Since the OMG token distribution, we have been working hard to build the OmiseGO ecosystem. We are in the process of developing the wallet SDK and DEX that will be vital to the utility of the overall network. The live OMG network will be a performant and secure proof-of-stake network, that enables high transaction throughput at a low cost, via Plasma.We have collaborated with various strategic investors around the world. Our partners include leaders in the financial and technology ecosystems who are uniquely positioned to help drive adoption at a global scale.Vitalik Buterin To Advise New ‘Ethereum Community Fund’ Sponsoring ETH InfrastructureFollowing its $25M ICO, Omise lands strategic investment from Thai bank KrungsriOmiseGO: The Global Standard for Exchange and PaymentsPayments Startup Omise Joins Wave of Digital-Coin FundraisingOmise to raise $19M in first cryptocurrency sale from a major VC-backed startupInitial Coin Offerings Go Mainstream: Omise and Kik Announce Cryptocurrency SalesJoin our community and stay up to date on OmiseGO activities and news© 2018 Omise. All Rights Reserved
.I Lisk 

                        Product updates
                      

                        Latest news
                      

                        Event details
                      Thank you for subscribing! Are you interested in a specific topic?What can you build with Lisk? Get inspired with a selection of blockchain use cases.Lisk's decentralized network allows you to exchange value quicker and more economical than before.Build an internet of value. True scarcity and new possibilities for ownership revolutionize how digital content can be monetized.Blockchain transactions on Lisk provide insights into systems that previously lacked information, were obscured or unavailable.Military-level cryptography and distributed databases make Lisk a highly-secure solution for permission management and storage.Lisk's decentralized network is always online and eliminates the possibility for data loss.Data stored with Lisk is permanent and cannot be changed. Live data and archives finally have a secure digital home.Lisk's decentralized network allows you to exchange value quicker and more economical than before.Send value around the world in seconds and with much lower fees.Predict plot twists on Game of Thrones with people around the world using crowdsourced data.Build an internet of value. True scarcity and new possibilities for ownership revolutionize how digital content can be monetized.Trade rare items directly with other gamers.Those who create, curate and share content can finally be fairly rewarded for their contributions.Blockchain transactions on Lisk provide insights into systems that previously lacked information, were obscured or unavailable.Know precisely where your seafood came from, what it contains and how it got to you.Charity organizations can offer tracking for you to see exactly how your donation is being put to use.Military-level cryptography and distributed databases make Lisk a highly-secure solution for permission management and storage.Efficiently access and store medical records across different locations without privacy issues.Prevent fraud and obtain rightful property ownership with public real estate records.Lisk's decentralized network is always online and eliminates the possibility for data loss.Provide innovative services and a solid network for self-driving cars.Avoid data loss and manage file permissions using undefeated cryptography.Data stored with Lisk is permanent and cannot be changed. Live data and archives finally have a secure digital home.Guarantee the legal integrity of your data sets without manipulation.Manage credential assets, like education data or resumes, using a tamper-proof system.Lisk's Sidechain Development Kit makes it easy for you to build your own blockchain. Our tools are free for everyone, open source and written in JavaScript. Discover your potential with sidechains.
                      Your application provides the interface for everyone to access the dynamic features of your custom sidechain.  Once connected to the sidechain, applications can exchange data with Lisk's mainchain.                    
                      Think of your sidechain as a personal blockchain that can be easily built and customized with our tools. Sidechains will house all the data of your dapp, scaling effortlessly in tandem with your evolving project.                    
                      Lisk's mainchain currently hosts the LSK currency and will be the future hub for all sidechains. Once the platform is live, it is here that you will be able to register your sidechain and even run your own ICO.                    
      Blockchain is a public ledger of information collected through a network that sits on top of the internet. It is how this information is recorded that gives blockchain its groundbreaking potential.    
      A cryptocurrency is a digital form of money built on blockchain technology that only exists online. Cryptocurrencies use cryptography to verify and secure transactions, hence their name.    
      One of the most exciting aspects of blockchain technology is that it's entirely decentralized. We examine how this system works, what it means for our future and why it is so revolutionary.    
      A consensus protocol is what keeps all the nodes on a network synchronized, while providing an answer to the question: how can we all make sure that we agree on what the truth is?    
      A node can be any active electronic device as long as it is connected to the internet. The role of a node is to support the network by maintaining a copy of the blockchain and, in some cases, to process transactions.    
      An Initial Coin Offering is a form of fundraising for blockchain projects, wherein cryptocurrencies are offered to investors before they are listed on exchanges. In this segment we will share successful examples, examine how ICOs work and how to safely participate.     
      An ICO is not a fundraising tool for any business. Running an ICO is a delicate and complex process and should be treated as such. Here we will detail what is required and best practises to follow, as well as some tips based on experience.    
      JavaScript is undeniably the language of the internet. Lisk is written in JavaScript for accessibility as its the most commonly used programming language in the world.    
      Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS) is the protocol of choice at Lisk and with very good reason. DPoS uses real-time voting combined with a social system of reputation to achieve consensus.    
      Lisk uses cryptographic hashing in order to secure all aspects of the system. The system uses EdDSA as it provides a much faster mechanism for hashing and providing security.    
      Lisk provides several incentives for securing the network. As an active delegate, you can earn block generation rewards and accrue transaction fees for the round in which you participate.    
      In order to run Lisk Core, there are some prerequisites to satisfy each distribution type. First choose your desired distribution method and then head over to Lisk's technical documentation to get hands on guidance for Binary, Docker and Source installations.    
      Lisk as a software has three major components, the JavaScript code, NodeJS as a compute engine and PostgreSQL as a storage and database solution. Interested in learning more about each component?    
      Each API entry contains an example call to help provide understanding of how to use the call. These examples rely on curl being installed and Lisk running on the localhost on port 8000 (Mainnet).    A shared drive to provide exceptional tools unites our founders Max and Oliver. As a bold visionary and a seasoned developer, they truly understand their community’s ambitions and obstacles. Together with their team, they inspire developers globally to freely create, collaborate, and change the way connected systems work now and tomorrow. Max and Oliver aim to empower and connect future blockchain creators in a first-of-its-kind community focused blockchain, concentrating on the accessibility of JavaScript, technological and business education, as well as democratic inclusion within the network’s ecosystem.
                Lisk stands firmly behind a development first approach. Our growing team of engineers is committed to delivering high quality code day in and day out.              Thank you for subscribing! Are you interested in a specific topic?Lisk (LSK) is a blockchain application platform, established in early 2016 by Max Kordek and Oliver Beddows. Based on its own Blockchain network and token LSK, Lisk will enable developers to create, distribute and manage decentralized Blockchain applications by deploying their own sidechain linked to the Lisk network, including a custom token. Thanks to the flexibility of sidechains, developers can implement and customize their Blockchain applications entirely.
Lisk started as a fork of Crypti beginning with an ICO (Initial coin offering) to decide the initial distribution and raise development funds. The ICO raised 14,000 BTC and, at the time, was the second most successful cryptocurrency crowdfund (later that month, WAVES and The DAO would surpass it). On May 24, 2016, the mainnet for Lisk went live and it became available for trading on major exchanges. Quickly after trading started, Lisk briefly became the second most popular cryptocurrency traded against Bitcoin[1].
Since November 2017, Lisk has suprassed a market cap of $1,000,000,000, thus joining the rank of other blockchain unicorns.
Lisk aims to be the first (successful) of its kind as a modular cryptocurrency. The idea is that every Blockchain App is on its own sidechain, separate from the main blockchain. This should help with scalability issues that many cryptocurrencies were facing. The sidechain is secured by a group of 101 master nodes elected by the app's owner, and operate using the same Delegated-Proof-of-Stake (DPoS) consensus mechanism as the parent Lisk network. The Blockchain Apps are written using NodeJS/JavaScript on the backend and CSS3/HTML5/JavaScript for the frontend.
Lisk uses the DPoS (Delegated-Proof-of-Stake) algorithm originally created by BitShares. What differentiates it from regular PoS (Proof of Stake) is that only the top 101 delegates (determined by voting weight of voters) are actively forging and securing the network.
Lisk DPoS functions through a series of rounds. Rounds consist of 101 individual blocks. Each of the 101 active delegates are randomly assigned 1 block within the round to forge. A full cycle round takes 17 minutes. If a selected delegate is unable to forge their assigned block, activity from that block moves to the next block in the round.
The Lisk network forges blocks in 10s intervals. In the event that a delegate fails to properly forge their assigned block, the transactions move to the next block in the round, causing the block to be extended by 10s. Each subsequent missed block results in a 10s delay for transaction processing and confirmations.
Lisk utilizes an inflationary forging rewards system which creates new LSK for every successful block. During year 1, the forging rewards are set at 5 LSK per block. Every 3,000,000 blocks (~1 year) forging rewards are reduced by 1 LSK, ending at 1 LSK per block after 5 years. The forging rewards will then stay at 1 LSK per block indefinitely. The Forging Rewards will be equally distributed through all active (top 101) delegates, same as any network fees.
Decentralized application or Dapps are exactly what the name suggests. Applications of any sort running on many servers, providing unseen security, uptime and entirely new business models. A powerful component of the Lisk application platform is the ability to deploy, distribute and manage decentralized applications all in one place with a seamless user experience. Decentralized applications include the whole package of front-end (what the user sees) and back-end (the logic behind it). A smart contract on the other hand, consists only of the back-end, and often only a small part of it. This means that if you want to create a decentralized application on a smart contract system (i.e. not with Lisk), you have to combine several smart contracts and rely on 3rd party systems for the front-end. Possible use cases include applications that offer proof-of-ownership, improved online identity verification or asset management. In order to build your own application it requires a developer to code it in JavaScript. By offering an SDK written in JavaScript, Lisk enables millions of developers around the world an accessible way to create their own decentralized applications by deploying their own Blockchain sidechain next to the Lisk network[2].
With a fully functioning mainnet, Lisk is currently developing a variety of tools to enable developers and app comissioners to easily create their own decentralized apps:
Lisk is commonly compared to other blockchain platforms Ethereum and Crypti, so it is important to note their differences[4].



.I Zilliqa Zilliqa is a blockchain platform designed around the concept of sharding. Sharding means dividing the network into several smaller component networks that are able to process transactions in parallel. 

Zilliqa is a blockchain platform that is designed to scale in an open, permission-less distributed network securely. This should be achieved through sharding.
The Zilliqa team proposed the theory of sharding in a paper in 2015, and since then this protocol has been under research, refinement and active development.
Whitepaper
Zilliqa Blog



.I Bitcoin Gold Bitcoin Gold decentralizes mining by adopting a PoW algorithm, Equihash, which cannot be run faster on the specialty equipment used for Bitcoin mining (ASIC miners.) This gives ordinary users a fair opportunity to mine with ubiquitous GPUs.Hard forking Bitcoin’s blockchain fairly and efficiently distributes a new digital asset immediately to people all over the world who have interest in cryptocoins. Other methods, such as creating coins with a new genesis block, concentrate ownership within a small group.To ensure the safety of the Bitcoin ecosystem, Bitcoin Gold has implemented full replay protection and unique wallet addresses, essential features that protect users and their coins from several kinds of accidents and malicious threats.Bitcoin Gold is a free open source software project that is built by volunteer developers and supported by a rapidly growing community of Bitcoin enthusiasts that stretches around the globe. May 4, 2018  |  Updates This week, we learned that the dominant specialty crypto mining hardware maker (Bitmain) has released an “ASIC” miner for Equihash, which means it would be able to mine BTG if we were to allow that to happen. We will not allow that to happen. ASIC-resistance is... Mar 28, 2018  |  Announcements, Development We are releasing our Beta version of ElectrumG , our fork of the Electrum Bitcoin Wallet project for Bitcoin Gold. ElectrumG is a full-featured SPV wallet for Linux, Mac, and PC. Mar 25, 2018  |  Development New Testnet v3 and Developer Resources. We’re constantly improving our infrastructure and environment so that development and progress is well-supported.The following have expressed intent to support BTG, or have already implemented BTG. Be aware that by clicking on these links, you are leaving our site. Trading Live  Future  Coming Soon

			#gallery-2 {
				margin: auto;
			}
			#gallery-2 .gallery-item {
				float: left;
				margin-top: 10px;
				text-align: center;
				width: 16%;
			}
			#gallery-2 img {
				border: 2px solid #cfcfcf;
			}
			#gallery-2 .gallery-caption {
				margin-left: 0;
			}
			/* see gallery_shortcode() in wp-includes/media.php */
		





 Bithumb
				




 Bitfinex
				




 Binance
				




 Bittrex
				




 HitBTC
				




 Uphold
				




 Exmo
				




 YoBit
				




 Gate.io
				




 Changelly
				




 Shapeshift
				




 BitBay
				




 Abucoins
				




 Change Now
				




 Evercoin
				




 Tdax
				




 Bitsane
				




 QuadrigaCX
				




 Cex.io
				




 Okex
				




 Anybits
				




 BestRate
				




 Bitmarket
				




 Indacoin
				




 CoinSwitch
				




 Unocoin
				




 Godex
				




 Swft
				




 Coinone
				




 Korbit
				




 BitSeoul
				




 Koineks
				




 Bitopro
				




 Bitinka
				




 Coinnest
				




 Kkex
				




 Bleutrade
				




 Gdax
				




 BitFlyer
				




 Paribu
				




			#gallery-4 {
				margin: auto;
			}
			#gallery-4 .gallery-item {
				float: left;
				margin-top: 10px;
				text-align: center;
				width: 16%;
			}
			#gallery-4 img {
				border: 2px solid #cfcfcf;
			}
			#gallery-4 .gallery-caption {
				margin-left: 0;
			}
			/* see gallery_shortcode() in wp-includes/media.php */
		





				Trezor Wallet
				




				Ledger Wallet
				




				Exodus
				




				Coinomi
				




				Bitpie
				




				Guarda
				




				Freewallet
				




				BTGWallet
				




				Kasse
				




				Cobo
				


Disclaimer: the Bitcoin Gold Organization (bitcoingold.org) cannot take responsibility for third party providers, such as the listed exchanges, wallets, sites and pools. All links hosted on our domain are by community members and third parties and by clicking on any of the listed links you are accepting the risks of using the third party domain and taking responsibility for any losses, damage or other issues using said domain. Crypto-currencies are inherently risky and investors and users must remain vigilant.More services coming soon
Declare your support: [email protected]And never miss a thing
Email




Subscribe

Bitcoin Gold is a hard fork of the cryptocurrency Bitcoin. The fork occurred in late October 2017, on block 491407.The purpose of the fork is to create an ASIC resistant Bitcoin, by reusing Equihash proof-of-work algorithm from Zcash. The token debuted at #5 on CoinMarketCap.

From its inception Bitcoin Gold has been marred in controversy. Developers initially planned on an ICO to raise funds. This was then changed to an ICO and premine with the ICO part later dropped. A premine is usually frowned upon by the crypto community with many calling the fork a money grab.
Between 12-15 November 2017 users of Bitcoin Gold started reporting that their wallets were being emptied of various cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Gold, Ether (Ethereum) and Litecoin. Investigations revealed that an open source wallet found on mybtgwallet.com and linked to from the Bitcoin Gold website was stealing users' master passphrases or "recovery seeds" used to generate the private keys for multi-wallets containing multiple cryptocurrencies.
At first the BTG development team issued statements to the media that the wallet was "modified by unknown parties long after it was originally published". They later changed their statement after it became apparent that the website wasn't hacked and the developer, going only by the name "John Dass", broke all communication with the team. Some users reported that they only used the wallet on 12 November when Bitcoin Gold's mainnet was launched and subsequently had their funds transferred between 14 and 15 November. It's still not known who changed the website code and installed a broken security certificate after the keys were stolen so that it would look like it was hacked.
An analysis revealed that the code contained a line to convert the entered passphrases into Google Analytics cookies that could later be retrieved. Altogether more than 440 Bitcoin worth more than $3 million at the time together with unknown but smaller amounts of Bitcoin Gold, Ether and Litecoin were transferred from users' wallets.
On 26 November 2017 the Bitcoin Gold team issued a statement that their Windows wallet contained on their Github repository contained a file of "suspicious origin". The team stated: "Until we know otherwise, all users should presume this file was created with malicious intent – to steal cryptocurrencies and/or user information. The file does not trigger antivirus / anti-malware software, but do not presume the file is safe." It further advised users to check their computers for malware and move all wallet funds to new addresses.
http://wikipedia.org/



.I Aeternity 
    Latest Update: Our latest æpps update is up on our blog!
            Learn More
Scalable smart contracts interfacing with real world data.
Read Whitepaper
Hello IoT, IoV, FinTech, Video Gaming, The Unbanked, Trustless Exchanges, and instant Micropayments!We believe in relentless evolution of systems and societies. æternity will push the boundaries of innovation and make blockchain technology ready for mass adoption.
              A network of state channels enables the exchange of value with anybody in the world in a trustless way. Participants interact privately with each other. Businesses have their records off-chain and not in public. Participants have infinite almost instant transactions. Participants can handle use cases that require very high volumes of transactions.
            
                  State channels make it possible to execute smart contracts off-chain. Only in case of a disagreement between the contracting parties does the smart contract code get enforced by the blockchain.
                Why is that a breakthrough? 
              Consensus is achieved via a novel Proof-of-Work (PoW) algorithm. The "Cuckoo Cycle" PoW is more power-efficient and indirectly useful, as it encourages the development of better random access memory (DRAM) chips. Even smartphones can mine, achieving unparalleled decentralization.  Proof-of-Stake (PoS) is used for governance, which is done via (delegated) voting, weighted by the amount of tokens the account holds.
            
                  Consensus is achieved via a novel hybrid Proof-of-Work (PoW) and Proof-of-Stake (PoS) algorithm.
                How does this work? 
              æternity provides tools enabling participants to govern themselves effectively. It is essential to note that governance is very much a human problem that most likely cannot be "solved" purely by technical means. æternity's governance is implemented via delegated voting, weighted by the amount of tokens the account hold and provides both technical tools to permit governance and frameworks for human interaction for effective discussion.
            
                  æternity is governed by its stakeholders, meaning that miners, token-holders and others with a stake in the blockchain have the ability to make decisions together on proposed changes.
                How does this work? 
              What if the fulfillment of a smart contract depends on weather conditions, a share price, or other public information from the real world? Oracles can provide tamper-proof data which contracts can act upon. Election results, the prices of assets such as gold, weather conditions and many other real-world values play a crucial role for many business applications.
            
                  An oracle connects real world data with smart contracts. æternity has oracles on the blockchain, as truly first-class objects.
                How can an oracle be helpful? 
                    For many business applications it's crucial to have transactions which are not recorded in public. Smart contracts executed in state channels touch the blockchain only in the case of disagreement, acting like a self-arbitrating crypto court.
                  
                    State-of-the-art cryptographic datastructures and unparalleled decentralization provide efficiency and eliminate single-point-of-failure.
                  
                    By leveraging state channels as the default way to run smart contracts, æternity becomes the most efficient Turing-complete blockchain and thus enables new forms of commerce via it's low cost transactions.
                  
READ WHITEPAPER
co-founder and chief technology officer at BigchainDBFounder & COO Slock.itSimilar to mobile dominating the web today, we expect that an average user will be accessing blockchain from her mobile device. That is why æternity puts strong emphasis on creating a platform that is very friendly towards developers of distributed apps or, as we call them, æpps. APIs, development tools, SDKs and support provided by the æternity team will help to bootstrap development of æpps that will create a vibrant ecosystem of distributed applications with use cases and business models we cannot even predict today.Visit our aepps Portal for selected aepps and aepps Tools for aepps development tools.How about crowdfunding using dominant assurance contracts? These specific smart contracts can be used to raise money for your projects and, at the same time, secure contributors against failure. If a project is unsuccessful, all participants get their contributions back.Using an oracle, æternity can additionally ensure that the provider of the good or service only gets paid after delivery.In the blockchain ecosystem gaming is a huge, steadily growing industry. The advantages are obvious. Users are in full control of their in-game transactions, which means fees are kept to a minimum with no intermediaries. A fraud resistant network and irreversible transactions provided by blockchain technology deliver trustless and secure interactions.From simple games to high-end eSports titles, with æternity, users can rely on secure and instant transactions, sit back, and enjoy their gameplay.Infinite scalability, instant payment functionality and Oracle feeds enable us to automate financial transactions, which involve large amounts of parameters with any number of concurrent users.This allows for new ways to fund projects or even governments. A system, in which the funding is only unlocked upon completion of one or more selected events.Additionally, funds can be unlocked, only if the outcome, which is to be reached with the funding, is resolved by an Oracle or voting.The ability to exchange tokens is an essential part of a thriving ecosystem, providing for efficient cooperation and transfer between different blockchain projects.aeternity allows for cross-chain, trustless atomic swaps, for example between AE tokens and Bitcoin as well as many other assets.The payments market is highly competitive and, at the same time, offers countless innovation opportunities for streamlining today’s tangled and ineffective ecosystem.æternity's unique way of handling transactions brings this to the next level by handling payments off-chain via state channels. Payments go through instantly, while retaining your privacy. You heard that right, instantly!Imagine banking for the unbanked, content monetization, paid API calls, decentralized live video streaming and a lot more.Having exchanged ideas and pursued blockchain endeavors with many of the greatest minds, Yanislav is a true veteran of the blockchain space.The "Godfather of Ethereum" envisioned in 2013 to have powerful algorithms on blockchains. Now, with æternity, a new version of his vision is becoming reality again.Being intrigued by the magic of blockchain technology since early 2014, Marion is especially interested in connecting the dots between technology and the growing community. Research on the socioeconomic impact, spreading the word and taking care of handling æternity's operations efficiently is where she performs best. Previously she worked in marketing & business development in Silicon Valley.As the founder of a publishing media company (proud), a Restaurant (Beuster) and two tech start-ups: Dropspot and Abend (30 employees), Emin has been an active entrepreneur since 2008. He is a C-level IT product and Engineering Manager. Within the blockchain space he is an early adopter, an ex-Bitcoin miner, and investor in Ethereum.  Emin is the CPO and operations manager for æternity Blockchain.Sergei Evdokimov has studied Math and Cryptography. He got his PhD in Berlin researching the area of provable security. Before joining AEternity he was working as an IT Architect designing distributed systems for managing medical records of millions of patients and building scalable AI-based recommendation systems for major publishers. He also stays connected to the academia by teaching Security and Data Science cources at the university.As a multi-national Business Development Executive with experience working in Germany, Eastern Europe, MENA, Asia and Pacific, Nikola is the go-to person for Strategy and Business Development. He has developed and consulted numerous international projects for almost a decade and has recently been introduced to the unlimited possibilities of blockchain technologies.Erik has been programming for fun since 1980, and for profit since 1989, when he started his first development company. Erik was one of the driving forces behind the the High Performance Erlang project (HiPE) from its start in 1996. In his Ph.D. work he implemented an efficient native code compiler, compiling from the Erlang VM BEAM code to native machine code. Erik built up the Engineering Department at Klarna from the start. In his limited spare time he is writing a book about the Erlang Runtime system. Thomas is a senior scientist and Erlang expert. He worked together with Joe Armstrong, the inventor of Erlang, at Computer Science lab in the 1990's. He holds over 20 year of experience in programming Erlang, as well as strong scientific experience, accompanied by an ability to read and understand scientific papers in theoretical computer science. Thomas has the ability to translate scientific theory in practical applications. He is one of the main developers of the QuickCheck testing tool.Hans has more than 15 years experience in Erlang programming. He is the author of multiple libraries with concurrency as the theme. He holds a PhD in testing leader election protocols. Hans is an Expert in model checking concurrent programs. He implemented CAN and LIN protocols. He is a QuickCheck expert: Tested SSL, Riak, automotive protocols, telecom protocols and distributed systems. He implemented semantics of Erlang and knows the VM corners.Ulf is an expert programmer and the brain behind the Agda programming language. He has over ten years experience in Erlang. Ulf implemented several challenging parts of Quickcheck and tested Riak, Ejabberd, TCP/IP, sidejob as well as distributed systems, deemed difficult to test. He holds a PhD in computer science and is an expert in reading scientific papers, understanding the concepts in them and implementing them in any language.Hughes received his PhD from the University of Oxford for the thesis "The Design and Implementation of Programming Languages" in 1984. Hughes is a member of the Functional Programming group at Chalmers. He does research in the field of programming languages and is the author of many influential research papers on the subject, including "Why Functional Programming Matters". Hughes is one of the developers of QuickCheck, as well as cofounder and CEO of QuviQ. Sascha began programming 20 years ago and has spent the last 10 years working as a software engineer and lead architect. He was introduced to Bitcoin in 2011 and was immediately captivated the diverse range of fields converging in blockchain technology. He has been absorbing as much knowledge as possible about blockchains and decentralized systems ever since.Michal is a hands on engineer with a track record in the hottest projects of the last few years. He has been responsible for the architecture, scalability and performance in systems behind RTB markets, Mobile Chat apps, and IoT systems that run for hundreds of millions customers. He will support our effort to use Erlang technology in order to deliver a state of the art blockchain.Phillipp is a long time blockchain enthusiast and software developer. He loves bringing his passion and knowledge into developing scalable and innovative solutions, as well as educating others about blockchain technology.Ulf Wiger became one of the first commercial users of Erlang when he bought a license in 1993. In 1996, he joined Ericsson and became Chief Designer of the AXD 301 development, arguably the most complex system ever built in Erlang. In recent years, Ulf has been involved in products based on the AXD 301 architecture, and has been an active member of the Open Source Erlang community. In February 2009 he became CTO of Erlang Solutions. He is currently working on the aeternity Blockchain.Tobias is an Erlang expert with experience ranging from architecting and implementing large scale high availability systems to deep diving in the Erlang language implementation. Formerly a researcher in program language design and static analysis, at Klarna Tobias pushed the boundaries of what an Erlang system can do to keep up with extreme growth. Tobias is a member of the core development team, implementing the Ethereum VM in Erlang to run Solidity contracts on the aeternity blockchain.Luca is a practical engineer keen on developing distributed software solutions that work. leveraging his focus on automated acceptance testing and his attention to detail, at Erlang Solutions, he has contributed to the successful delivery of two financial payments systems.Dimitar is a software engineer with a variety of interests. He has implemented the backend of a MOBA game, IoT devices, and software for banking institutions. He has seen the revenue generating machine from the inside and loves blockchain technology for its potential to disrupt and democratize finance.Digital marketing analyst and Bitcoin entrepreneur. Founder of BitHope.org, CryptoCrowd.org, and Bitcoin/Blockchain meetup in Sofia, Bulgaria. Co-Founder of the Bulgarian Bitcoin Association and the first website for bitcoin exchange in the country. Fascinated by technology, Bitcoin, blockchains and the future. Member of MENSA.Founder of the design & development studio - ape unit. Realizing app and web-app projects for companies like sony, telefonica, vw, montblanc in the past. Thrilled by the opportunity to make blockchain technology accessible for everyone. Creating the foundation for new business models and applications based on the disruptive potential of the æternity blockchain.Ray is a UX/UI Designer at Ape Unit in Berlin. Ray worked for several digital agencies in Amsterdam & Rotterdam, before finding his home in Berlin. He is part of the æternity æpps team, focusing on translating complex user stories into clear and intuitive designs.Stoyan is a seasoned entrepreneur, whose specialty lies at the intersection of technology, design, and business. To date he has co-founded 4 startups, lead his own digital agency for 5 years in NYC, and held roles as Director of Technology, Product Lead, and CTO. Having worked on projects in San Francisco, New York, Los Angeles, and Berlin, Stoyan is lured by the disruptive potential of blockchain technology and its implications for globalization.Shaleah brings the technical and the practical together. Specializing in content optimization and branding development for small international businesses, she has spent the last 8 years bringing services, products and ideas into being by putting them into words. Although new to the blockchain sphere, she is excited to push the boundaries of innovation and lend her content & word-smithing abilities to the Aeternity team. Alessandro De Carli is a mobile security engineer with years of experience in the financial industry. He discovered the world of crypto during his master thesis in the area of state channels and micropayment protocols. He felt the pain of scalability during the implementation of a micropayment wallet and is excited about the potential of a scalable general purpose blockchain. Alessandro is CEO and founder of a successful Swiss software engineering company and is contributing to æternity as a technical blockchain advisor. Lukas is a senior backend engineer who studied at the Free University Berlin with a focus on Human-Centered Computing -- working on combining human and machine intelligence. Prior to working as a backend engineer and system operator for a big data startup (which included setting up the whole server infrastructure from scratch), he was building database and backend solutions for a Bank. He's currently involved at Volkswagen initiative for smart cars and a devop at aeternity Blockchain.Till is a full-stack developer from Berlin with a degree in Computational Linguistics. He has has been writing and debugging front and back-end applications in Python, Javascript and Java for over a decade. His æpp Haello received the second prize in the first æpps hæckathon. At æternity he is part of the DevTool unit, responsible for the æpps SDKs and developer tools.Mister John Newby has been working with the internet since the mid-90s. Initially as a programmer, then as technical director of BeatThatQuote.com, until its sale to Google. After leaving Google, John formed LShift Berlin, which was sold to Oliver Wyman. In his time John has coded in C, C++, Perl, Java, Ruby, Visual Basic, PHP, and more. John is now taking care of æternity's developer tools and needs.With more than 10 years of professional development experience, Dincho has proved his skills as a full-stack engineer and a lead for projects of various scale. He is currently finishing his Master's degree in software engineering and teaching at the local university. His cryptography enthusiasm brought him to æternity, and since he's been doing  automation since before it was all the rage, it is his main responsibility at æternity.Nicholas has been involved in blockchain technology since early 2015 and has an extensive IT background, including DNS and hosting at domain.com. He was product support for Zenefits, the fastest growing startup out of San Francisco in 2015. Nicholas is currently studying Computer Science and doing product ops, as well as client support at HomeLight, the worlds best search engine for real estate agents.Vanessa is a systems engineer, with an IT background and a software developer,
with extensive knowledge in database development. Vanessa dove into the world of Blockchain in 2016. She is fascinated by the multitude of possible applications for blockchain technology across industries and borders. Currently her focus is in promoting and spreading the word in support of future mass adoption.As a King's College London graduate in International Relations, Yoanna has an insightful perspective on global political and economic developments. She is fascinated by the significant potential of blockchain technology to disrupt, decentralize and democratize the existing governance structures in the public and private sectors. Yoanna is ensuring the smooth day-to-day operations of æternity by helping with strategy and business development.Anton has a background in Theoretical Physics and extensive experience in IT. He is the Head of the Computer Science Laboratory at IAPS and has a wide range of interests in Informatics and Physics.Nedelcho Delchev is a Junior Developer who has recently found the ways of Elixir and Functional Programming. He has contributed in Eclipse Open Source project and has interests in Web Development, as well as taking part in developing a Data Centric Domain Specific Language. Ever since discovering Blockchain and the world of Decentralized Applications he has been keen to learn and understand the fundamentals of them.Bozhidar Nikolov is a Junior Developer, with experience in Web Development. He has taken part in Eclipse Open Source project, as well as in developing a Data-Centric Domain-Specific Language. He is new to the field of Blockchain development but has great interest in it.Dimitar Velev, currently a Software Engineering student, has a broad range of interests beyond Software Development including 3D and motion graphic design and most recently - Blockchain technology. As part of the Elixir team, he's motivated to bring in new ideas which would help the team deliver a Blockchain that fulfills the æternity vision.Daniela Ivanova has been working as an Erlang/Elixir developer in Quanterall Ltd., Bulgaria, since 2016. She has a keen interest in Functional Programming, Blockchain, Distributed Systems, IoT and Software Design.Samir Barguti is a Front-End Developer. He studies Computer Science at Varna Free University, Bulgaria. His interests lie in the area of UX/UI, Elixir & Front End stack Programming. Hristian Hristov is 19 years old from Varna, Bulgaria. He graduated from High School of Mathematics and is currently studying Automation Engineering at Technical University of Varna. His interests are in Automation, IoT and Programming, particularly in Elixir and Python.Ivan Todorov has been working at Quanterall since 2015 as an Erlang/Elixir Back-End Developer. His main interests are in IoT and Blockchain technologies.Kristian Kirov is an Electrical Engineer, who makes the world of electronics to work properly. He is interested in how does the Universe work, at micro and macro level. Also, how to make our life easier.Nikolay Kolev is working as a Hardware Engineer. He is the Head of the Hardware Team at Quanterall. His main contribution to Aeternity is related to developing and validating a Hardware Wallet Prototype. The range of his interests covers Computer Hardware, Hardware Diagnostics, Hardware Architecture, Electronics Hardware Design, Network Hardware, Wireless Engineering, and a lot more.Radostin Dimitrov has been working with Erlang for 2 years. Designed and implemented scalable solutions for IoT and bank software. He is interested in IoT/ Hardware, Programming/Scripting on Linux-bash, Block technology, Cryptography and other things related to Cybersecurity.
He considers himself as a seeker for mathematical models, an adventurer, an experimentalist and a builder - after everything has collapsed. He also believes in: Those in a hurry do not arrive. Slowly, but surely. Always do right.Georgi Spasov is a Junior Elixir Developer. Even though he is still new to the Blockchain scene he is excited working with this technology. His background foundation is built on top of Android and software development with Java for IOT solutions.Artur Kratt is an Elixir Developer, currently learning Blockchain and working with its
technologies. Arthur believes blockchain innovation is the future of money and economics
and is quickly growing his understanding of and engagement with the field.Founding partner of FinTech Blockchain Group, Vincent is an expert on digital currency trading and an active investor in blockchain industry. As an early adopter of blockchain technology and a KOL in China’s crypto community, Vincent is advising the aeternity team on China strategy.Board Games and Artificial Intelligence, Algorithms, Complexity, Algorithmic Information Theory, Distributed Computing, Computational biology, and what not.
Recently he has been designing a new Proof-of-Work system called "Cuckoo Cycle", which æternity blockchain will be using. John is advising the æternity team on the integration of the "Cuckoo Cycle" mining algorithm.Dominic is (technically) a BAFTA Award nominee, (technically) Italian, but definitely an industry expert in horizontal scalability, parallel executions, functional programming and distributed data consistency. Dominic has designed and developed the SenseGraph Natural Language Processing (NLP) system and contributed to its scientific advancement since 2004. He's currently a Technical Lead and Scalability Architect at Erlang Solutions.You have some special skills? You want to dive more deep into crypto and blockchain technology? You can code, design, market, or connect? Please Join Us!
Quick menu:

Features:

Community:
Background Video and Supernovae Graphics: Thomas Vanz
Aeternity Establishment
Landstr. 123, FL-9495 Triesen
[email protected]
PEID / Steuernummer: 2528358
Vat-Nr.: 60 351
Ihr Vertrauen ist uns wichtig. Deshalb respektieren wir den Datenschutz und informieren Sie über die erhobenen und gespeicherten Daten und Ihre Rechte auf Auskunft, Berichtigung, Sperrung und Löschung.Wenn eine Webseite besucht wird, sendet der Browser grundsätzlich Informationen über Browsertyp und Browserversion, das verwandte Betriebssystem, die Referrer-URL, die IP-Adresse, den Dateinamen, den Zugriffsstatus, die übertragene Datenmenge, das Datum und die Uhrzeit der Serveranfrage. Diese Daten sind weder einer Person noch anderen Datenquellen zuzuordnen und werden zunächst gespeichert und nach einer statistischen Auswertung gelöscht.Ihr Browser speichert zudem so genannte Cookies. Dabei handelt es sich um Dateien, die ein Surfen im Internet benutzerfreundlicher gestalten sollen. Das speichern von Cookies kann in den Einstellungen Ihres Browsers ausgeschaltet werden.Personenbezogene Daten werden nur mit Ihrer Einwilligung zur Beantwortung von Anfragen, Abwicklung von Verträgen und der technischen Administration erhoben und für Dritte unzugänglich gespeichert. Eine Weitergabe der Daten an Dritte erfolgt nur zum Zweck der Vertragsabwicklung bzw. bei Ihrer Einwilligung, welche jederzeit widerrufen werden kann. Eine Weitergabe oder ein Verkauf der personenbezogenen Daten findet nicht statt.
Jederzeit kann von Ihnen Auskunft über die gespeicherten Daten, den Zweck der Speicherung und deren Herkunft verlangt werden. Zusätzlich besteht nach Maßgabe der gesetzlichen Bestimmungen ein Recht auf Berichtigung, Sperrung und Löschung der personenbezogenen Daten. Eine entsprechende Anfrage bzw. ein Begehren nach Berichtigung, Sperrung oder Löschung der personenbezogenen Daten ist über die auf der Webseite genannten Kontaktdaten möglich.
Quelle und weitere Informationen: just law Rechtsanwälte Göttingenaeternity.com –
        Imprint (legal)
æternity is аn open-source decentralized apps platform utilizing next generation, highly scalable, public blockchain technology. Its off-chain smart contracts use real-world and real-time data by interacting with built-in oracles. 
Aeternity is envisioned to be an open-source, distributed computing platform that builds upon public blockchain technology. æternity’s primary goals are to deliver unmatched efficiency, transparent governance, and global scalability. Its decentralized consensus mechanism is being developed considering cost-efficiency.

æternity is a scalable blockchain platform that enables high bandwidth transacting, purely-functional smart contracts, and decentralized oracles. [1]
æternity was founded by Yanislav Malahov in 2016. 
æternity’s technology aims to tackle some of the most pressing issues current blockchain systems are facing, namely scalability and decentralized consensus.
Programming complex relationships for a large number of users, æternity can handle a large number of decentralized applications and value transfers with ease. It scales by using a unique state channels approach that enables off-chain execution of transactions and smart contracts.
State channels
The outstanding scalability of æternity is achieved with state channels technology. It allows for transactions and smart contracts to be executed off-chain and thus not overloading the network. It is not necessary for a smart contract to exist on-chain for it to be enforceable and secure. At the same time, millions of transactions can be processed much more efficiently, since they are executed off the blockchain. State channels allow micro- and nano-payments to be executed much more quickly and cost-effectively. Moreover, only the peers involved in the value transmission or who own the smart contract code need to know any details about the transaction, thereby significantly increasing the level of privacy. Any dispute between the parties can be quickly settled by announcing the last mutually agreed state of off-chain interaction on the main chain (on-chain).
Moving load away from the blockchain also allows for parallel and even partial execution of smart contracts, increasing system scalability and flexibility dramatically.
Based on Erlang
æternity is being built on Erlang, a functional programming language that has been used in telecommunications for more than three decades. Erlang has proven to be well suited for distributed systems with high-fault tolerance, running highly available applications. It excels in scalability, stability and is easy to upgrade, even on running systems. These characteristics make Erlang uniquely suitable for blockchain.
New smart contract programming language
æternity introduces a new smart contract language that supports formal verification and allows the writing of simpler and much safer code. The virtual machine accommodates compiled Solidity smart contracts, so Ethereum-centric developers can easily start building decentralized applications for æternity.
Unique consensus mechanism and governance
æternity has a unique distributed consensus model, combining both Proof-of-Work (PoW) and Proof-of-Stake (PoS). It utilizes an ASIC-resistant, memory-bound and power efficient PoW called Cuckoo Cycle, enabling faster than 15 second block times. The PoS mechanism is used for governance and allows every AE token holder to vote on system values such as block size, fees, and forks. 
Oracles
With a view on increased smart contract utility, æternity is implementing integrated oracles, which can be used to request and access real-world data from various providers. The PoS consensus mechanism is used to check the validity of answers and imbue them in the blockchain, making them available to anyone.
Integrated naming system
æternity features an integrated naming system that could revolutionize the user experience when dealing with wallet addresses in much the same way as human-readable website addresses revolutionized the internet. 
æpps
æternity is being built with the user and developer in mind. Following a mobile-first approach, something uncommon to most blockchain projects, the team aims to produce easy-to-use, intuitive applications that the average user will feel comfortable interacting with. To help developers feel more comfortable with æternity, useful developer tools will be available on mainnet launch. The goal is to make devs build decentralized apps on top of æternity and contribute code to the core blockchain. The development of essential æpps such as an identity manager, blockchain explorer, voting app, and immutable proof generator is in progress.
AE token
æternity’s underlying value token is the AE. It is at the center of æternity's blockchain economy and ecosystem. The token can be transferred between participants in the network and used as a reward for mining efforts, as well as fuel for smart-contract and  transaction execution. AE is also vital for the system governance. Any AE token user has a say in the future of æternity. AEs are considered votes in the PoS decision-making process that fine-tunes fundamental system variables. This allows for transparent on-chain governance and enables æternity to evolve technologically, matching the speed of user demand.
Finally, all components mentioned above are native features of the æternity system. They are not meta layers on top of a blockchain (like Lightning, Raiden, Plazma, Oraclize, etc.), but parts of the core protocol. This ensures unmatched efficiency and significantly reduces the cost of running smart contracts and facilitating transactions.
The launch of the æternity mainnet is scheduled for Q2 of 2018.
Yanislav Malahov - Founder
Having exchanged ideas and pursued blockchain endeavors with many of the greatest minds, Yanislav is a true veteran of the blockchain space.
He envisioned to have powerful algorithms on blockchains back in 2013. Having worked together with Vitalik Buterin on a project now called  ascribe.io - now, with the advent of æternity, another of his visions is becoming reality. 
Marion Vogel - Director
Being intrigued by the magic of blockchain technology since early 2014, Marion is especially interested in connecting the dots between technology and the growing community. Research on the socioeconomic impact, spreading the word and taking care of handling æternity's operations efficiently is where she performs best. Previously she worked in marketing and business development in Silicon Valley.
Nikola Stojanow - Chief Business Development Officer
As a multi-national Business Development Executive with experience working in Germany, Eastern Europe, MENA, Asia and Pacific, Nikola is the go-to person for strategy and business development. For almost a decade he has developed and consulted numerous international projects and has recently been introduced to the unlimited possibilities of blockchain technologies.
Emin Mahrt - Chief Operations Officer
As the founder of the publishing media company Proud, a Restaurant named Beuster and two tech start-ups called Dropspot and Abend, Emin has been an active entrepreneur since 2008. He is a C-level IT product and Engineering Manager. Within the blockchain space, he is an early adopter, an ex-Bitcoin miner, and investor in Ethereum. Emin is the CPO and operations manager for æternity blockchain.
Sascha Hense - Lead Engineer
Sascha began programming 20 years ago and has spent the last 10 years working as a software engineer and lead architect. He was introduced to Bitcoin in 2011 and was immediately captivated by the diverse range of fields converging in blockchain technology. He has been absorbing as much knowledge as possible about blockchains and decentralized systems ever since.
Ulf Wiger - Erlang Developer
Ulf Wiger became one of the first commercial users of Erlang when he bought a license in 1993. In 1996, he joined Ericsson and became Chief Designer of the AXD 301 development, arguably the most complex system ever built in Erlang. In recent years, Ulf has been involved in products based on the AXD 301 architecture and has been an active member of the Open Source Erlang community. In February 2009 he became CTO of Erlang Solutions and is currently working to develop the æternity blockchain.
Erik Stenman, PhD  - Erlang Developer
Erik has been programming for fun since 1980, and for profit since 1989 when he started his first development company. One of the driving forces behind the High Performance Erlang project (HiPE) from its start in 1996, in his Ph.D. work he implemented an efficient native code compiler, compiling from the Erlang VM BEAM code to native machine code. Erik built up the Engineering Department at Klarna from the start. In his limited spare time, he is writing a book about the Erlang Runtime system.
Tobias Lindahl - Erlang Developer
Tobias is an Erlang expert with experience ranging from architecting and implementing large scale high availability systems to deep diving in the Erlang language implementation. Formerly a researcher in program language design and static analysis at Klarna, Tobias pushed the boundaries of what an Erlang system can do to keep up with extreme growth. Tobias is a member of the core development team, implementing the Ethereum VM in Erlang to run Solidity contracts on the æternity blockchain.
Thomas Arts, PhD  - Erlang Developer
Thomas is a senior scientist and Erlang expert. He worked together with Joe Armstrong, the inventor of Erlang, at Computer Science lab in the 1990's. He holds over 20 years of experience in programming Erlang, as well as strong scientific experience, accompanied by an ability to read and understand scientific papers in theoretical computer science. Thomas has the ability to translate scientific theory into practical applications. He is one of the main developers of the QuickCheck testing tool.
Hans Svensson, PhD - Erlang Developer
Hans has more than 15 years experience in Erlang programming. He is the author of multiple papers with concurrency as the theme. He holds a PhD in testing leader election protocols. Hans is an Expert in model checking concurrent programs. He implemented CAN and LIN protocols. He is a QuickCheck expert: Tested SSL, Riak, automotive protocols, telecom protocols and distributed systems and also implemented the semantics of Erlang and knows the VM corners.
Ulf Norell, PhD - Developer
Ulf is an expert programmer and the brain behind the Agda programming language. He has over ten years experience in Erlang and implemented several challenging parts of Quickcheck and tested Riak, Ejabberd, TCP/IP, sidejob as well as distributed systems, deemed difficult to test. Ulf holds a PhD in computer science and is an expert in reading scientific papers, understanding the concepts in them and implementing them in any language.
John Hughes, PhD - Developer
John received his PhD from the University of Oxford for his thesis "The Design and Implementation of Programming Languages" in 1984. He is a member of the Functional Programming group at Chalmers, does research in the field of programming languages and is the author of many influential research papers on the subject, including "Why Functional Programming Matters". John is one of the developers of QuickCheck, as well as co-founder and CEO of QuviQ.
Michal Zajda - Erlang Architect
Michal is a hands on engineer with a successful track record working on the hottest projects of the last few years. He has been responsible for the architecture, scalability, and performance in systems behind RTB markets, Mobile Chat apps, and IoT systems that currently serve hundreds of millions of customers. He will support our effort to use Erlang technology in order to deliver a state of the art blockchain.
Emil Wagner - Æpps Lead
Emil is the founder of the design and development studio Ape Unit and has been realizing app and web-app projects for companies such as Sony, Telefonica, VW and Montblanc for several years. Thrilled by the opportunity to make blockchain technology accessible for everyone, he is currently creating the foundation for new business models and applications based on the disruptive potential of the æternity blockchain.
Stoyan Vasilev - Design Consultant
Stoyan is a seasoned entrepreneur, whose specialty lies at the intersection of technology, design, and business. To date he has co-founded 4 startups, lead his own digital agency for 5 years in NYC, and held roles as Director of Technology, Product Lead, and CTO. Having worked on projects in San Francisco, New York, Los Angeles, and Berlin, Stoyan is lured by the disruptive potential of blockchain technology and its implications for globalization.
John Newby - Æpps Developer
John has been working with the internet since the mid-90s. Initially as a programmer, then as the technical director of BeatThatQuote.com, until its sale to Google. After leaving Google, John formed LShift Berlin, which was sold to Oliver Wyman. Over the years he has coded in C, C++, Perl, Java, Ruby, Visual Basic, PHP, and more. John is now taking care of æternity's developer tools and needs.
Phillipp Piwowarsky - Erlang Developer
Phillipp is a long time blockchain enthusiast and software developer. He loves bringing his passion and knowledge into developing scalable and innovative solutions, as well as educating others about blockchain technology.
Anton Andonov - Developer
Anton has a background in Theoretical Physics and extensive experience in IT. He is the Head of the Computer Science Laboratory at IAPS and has a wide range of interests in Informatics and Physics.
Vladislav Dramaliev - Marketing and Community Manager
Vlad is a digital marketing analyst and Bitcoin entrepreneur. He is the founder of BitHope.org, CryptoCrowd.org, and the Bitcoin/Blockchain meetup in Sofia, Bulgaria. He co-founded the Bulgarian Bitcoin Association and the first website for bitcoin exchange in the country. Fascinated by technology, Bitcoin, blockchains and the future, Vlad is also a member of MENSA.
For a full list of team members, please visit æternity’s website.
A list of upcoming events can be found on æternity’s blog: https://blog.aeternity.com/past-and-future-events-list-7eaec9dd6253
Æternity’s founder is considered the “Godfather of Ethereum”. [2]
Project website
https://tokenmarket.net/blockchain/aeternity/assets/aeternity/



.I Verge Built with a focus on privacy.Read the Blackpaper of Verge CurrencyImproving upon the original Bitcoin block­chain and aims to fulfill its initial purpose.Verge currency makes it possible to engage in direct transactions.Verge is not a private company funded by pre-mined coins or ICO's.We care about your privacy. Do you?Verge uses multiple anonymity-centric networks such as TOR and I2P. The IP addresses of the users are fully obfuscated. The Core QT wallet has built-in TOR integration as well as SSL encryption which adds an extra level of security.Verge is an open source project with an active team of developers from all over the world. The development team is always in close contact with the community. Verge is not a private company funded through an ICO or premining.Low fees, quick transactions, high volume in circulation, multiplatform support, Wraith protocol are the ingredients that make Verge perfectly positioned for mass adoption. Transact on the public ledger for everyday purchases or stay private if you wish so.Wraith Protocol is a technology that allows the user to choose between public and private ledgers on the same blockchain. Users are free to choose which ledger they want to utilize for each transaction.With Verge, businesses and individuals have flexible options for sending and receiving payments. With the flip of a switch, we offer helpful integrations and tools that enable them to handle large scale transactions between merchants and small scale private payments.All of the vendors below proudly accept Verge Currency as a method of payment for their goods and services.Get started today and accept Verge in your store.Keep up with the latest news and articles, and find out all about events happening with Verge Currency.Verge is a cryptocurrency focused on privacy. 

Verge uses multiple anonymity-centric networks such as TOR and I2P. The IP addresses of the users are fully obfuscated and transactions are completely untraceable. It is listed on major exchanges such as Binance, Bittrex, Cryptopia or Changelly.

Official Website



.I Ontology ONTology Wallet for Mac OS X{{language.d107}}  {{language.d109}}{{language.d113}}  {{language.d115}}{{language.d119}}  {{language.d121}}1717your namefounder of ontologyyour namefounder of ontologyyour namefounder of ontologyyour namefounder of ontologyyour namefounder of ontologyyour namefounder of ontology{{language.d143}}  {{language.d145}}{{language.d131}}  {{language.d133}}{{language.d137}}  {{language.d139}}wechat
Ontology provides public blockchains that include a series of complete distributed ledgers and smart contract systems. The ONT token was distributed in airdrop in early 2018. The initial price of the token on March 8th was 2.62 USD. Every holder of NEO received 0.2 ONT per NEO. ONT was distributed in case that NEO coins were held in the NEON wallet. Certain exchanges such as Binance also distributed ONT tokens accordingly to their user that had NEO deposited on the exchange.
Ontology blockchain framework supports public blockchain systems and is able to customize different public blockchains for different applications. Ontology supports collaboration amongst chain networks with its various protocol groups. Ontology will constantly provide common modules on the underlying infrastructure for different kinds of distributed scenarios, such as those for the distributed digital identity framework or distributed data exchange protocol. Based on specific scenario requirements, Ontology will continue to develop new common modules. Ontology uses a dual token (ONT and ONG) model. At first, ONT is a NEP-5 token and does not release ONG. After the launch of Ontology's MainNet, users will be able to exchange NEP-5 ONT for ONT on the Ontology MainNet, which will start to release ONG periodically.



.I Steem Steem is a blockchain-based rewards platform for publishers to monetize content and grow community.Approx. USD rewards paid since June 2016:$40,154,371An SMT is a native digital asset on the Steem blockchain. SMTs can be launched by anyone to help monetize online content and create incentives to encourage desired user behavior.SMTs are like Ethereum's ERC-20 tokens, but with certain built-in ‘Proof-of-Brain’ properties and a token distribution reward system designed specifically for digital content businesses.Proof-of-Brain is a type of tokens rewards algorithm that encourages people to create and curate content.It enables tokens to be distributed by "upvote" and "like"-based algorithms and can be integrated with websites to align incentives between application owners and community members to spur growth.Posting rewardsCuration rewardsRunning a rewards-based decentralized social network required new advances in blockchain technology. Steem is a next-generation blockchain, uniquely designed to run real-time applications with near instant, fee-free transactions.Steem has been battled-tested over the last 18 months, already processing more transactions per second than Bitcoin and Ethereum.A blockchain designed to tokenize the content webThe first app on SteemSteemit is a blogging platform with it's own SMT called STEEM. These tokens are distributed to content creators and curators daily as rewards, based on community voting.We built Steemit on Steem to show the world the future of the web. We built it to inspire new digital content business models and apps by entrepreneurs and developers.STEEM is the platform token on Steemit.com. It's distributed to the most valuable contributors by community voting. STEEM is a tradeable token that is easily convertible to Bitcoin and Ethereum.Rewards paid$40.15MUser accounts920.80KMonthly posts1.50MMonthly comments3.78M“Steemit is a nascent social media platform... it rewards its users with cold, hard cash in the form of a cryptocurrency. Everything that you do on Steemit—every post, every comment, and every like—translates to a fraction of a digital currency called Steem. Over time, as Steem accumulates, it can be cashed out for normal currency.”© 2017 Steemit Inc.
Steem is a blockchain-based rewards platform for publishers to monetize content and grow communities. Users can earn rewards by posting, commenting and curating content. 

Steem is the unit of account on the Steem blockchain. Besides, there exist other units such as Steem Power and Steem Dollar. Both of them derive there value from Steem. Steem Dollars and Steem Power can be earned by by posting and curating articles on Steemit.[1] Steemit is a social network that runs on top of Steem. The approach of Steemit can be seen as an implementation of the popular social network Reddit on the blockchain.
SMTs are tokens that can be launched on the Steem blockchain just as ERC20 tokens on Ethereum.
Steem can currently be bought on Upbit, Binance, Huobi, Bittrex and Poloniex.
Official Website



.I Decred Decred is a multi-platform digital currency with support for Windows, macOS, and Linux. Easy-to-use wallet apps enable sending, receiving, and mining Decred with just a few clicks.For those who like to tinker, Decred provides a full suite of command line tools allowing customization of the Decred experience.There are three main ways to interact with Decred:The Wallet - For sending and receiving funds as well as participating in PoS mining.Proof-of-work Mining - Using computing power to validate transactions on the network and generate new Decred tokens.Proof-of-stake Mining - Using funds to vote on important network development matters and validate transactions for rewards.The Web Wallet is the easiest way to get started with Decred. All users can access it online via wallet.decred.org, without the need to download anything.For Windows, macOS, and Linux users, Decrediton wallet is available.For help getting started you can visit our Beginner’s Guide.An address is the only thing needed to send or receive funds. It can be easily generated from any Decred wallet. Decred addresses always begin with D and contain 26-36 alphanumeric characters.After a transaction is made, funds will usually clear in about 5 minutes. There is a small fee to help with the upkeep of the network. This fee is in addition to the transaction amount. That is, a transfer of 100DCR would incur a fee of about 0.006DCR.The block explorers mainnet.decred.org and explorer.dcrdata.org allow users to search all the blocks and transactions in the Decred blockchain.The term mining represents the process of validating transactions on the Decred network and keeping it secure. In return for work, miners are rewarded with newly generated Decred coins.Decred has two methods of validating transactions: Proof-of-work (PoW) and Proof-of-stake (PoS).In Proof-of-work (PoW) transactions are grouped into blocks. These blocks are validated by PoW miners. When a block is validated it becomes a permanent part of the Decred network.You can become a miner by dedicating spare computing resources to the network. In return miners are rewarded with Decred.For efficiency and convenience you can join mining pools. The pools are groups of miners who share the work and split the reward. Joining a mining pool is an excellent way for smaller contributors to receive consistent payouts for their work.Unlike PoW, Proof-of-stake mining (PoS) requires little computing resources. Decred funds are used to purchase voting tickets on the network. In every block, five tickets from the pool of live tickets are chosen at random to vote on the validity of the previous block. PoS adds an extra layer of decentralization to Decred and allows users to vote on suggested network changes. Pools are also available for PoS to ensure your tickets are ready to vote whenever they're called.Decred is still new, and at this time, the easiest way to purchase it is with Bitcoin. Once you have some Bitcoin, it can be traded for Decred at digital currency exchanges.Through decentralized processes, people with different ideas, goals, and opinions can help shape the future. You will likely have some questions, so come join our growing community, where you can connect with developers and other users, get information, ask questions, or just hang out. We have a user forum, IRC channel, Telegram channel, and Slack channel where you can chat with the developers and other users in real time. Don't forget Twitter and Reddit.
We can't wait to meet you!Part of the reward from new blocks goes towards the development of Decred to ensure that it will continually evolve to meet the needs and wants of the community now and in the years to come. These are just some of the features planned for 2018 and early 2019:Read about these and more on our blog. Welcome to Decred: the future of autonomous digital currencyDecred (/ˈdi:ˈkred/, /dɪˈkred/, dee-cred) is an open-source, community-based cryptocurrency, similar to Bitcoin. Decred was launched in February 2016[1] by the bitcoin developers that engineered  btcsuite, an alternative full-node Bitcoin implementation written in the Go (golang) programming language and is used by development projects such as Ethereum, Factom, BitGo, OpenBazaar, and the Lightning Network.[2]

Decred is a cryptocurrency like Bitcoin, with a strong focus on community contribution, open governance, and sustainable financing and development. It uses a hybrid proof-of-work and proof-of-ownership system to ensure that a small group cannot dominate the transaction flow or make changes to the Decred without community involvement. The unit of currency is called "decreed" (DCR). To ensure the integrity of the currency and discourage people to commit fraudulent transactions or create their own coins, Decred uses a method of recording transactions known as the blockchain.
Decentralized mining of shares. The participant of the system can create new coins without any risk. At the same time, even those who have the least number of shares can participate in the confirmation of the network.
Developed a voting system for adding new options. Miners can determine the progress of the system through the installation of bit flags, thus providing an advanced mechanism for resolving disputes about changing the blockchain. The end of the term transactional operations. Financial transactions have a limited time to prevent inclusion in the blockchain system after a certain height. Patches to fix bugs. As you know, the bitcoin system is imperfect. The developers have proposed their own solution to its problems.
21 000 000 coins. A sufficient amount of virtual money in order to ensure their value.
Self-financing development. In order to have a permanent financial resource for the study of possibilities and development of the system, the developers have included in the code the rule of ten percent subsidy. Thus, the miner, having extracted the block, should transfer 10% to the development of the project. At the same time, the transfer is transparent, so the project is sustainable and does not depend on external financing. Users can be sure that the project will grow steadily and gradually improve, obeying only the participants of the system.
Using the advanced hash algorithm. The developers have begun to advance their system with a fundamental improvement in the efficiency of mining and simplify the work. This was facilitated by the introduction of a system of new hashes.
On February 7, 2016 the Decred mainnet binaries were released under v0.0.1.[1]
Decred v1.0.0 was released on April 25, 2017.
Decred is designed with a built-in governance system to resolve centralization and governance conflicts present within the Bitcoin system, and address the 'tragedy of the commons' that can occur within decentralized cryptocurrencies.
Decred's governance system is engineered with a hybridized Proof-of-work (PoW), Proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus protocol. The design was inspired by the MEMCOIN2: A Hybrid Proof-of-Work, Proof-of-Stake Crypto-currency[3] technical paper published in 2013, and the Cryptocurrencies without Proof of Work white paper published in 2014.
Hybridized Proof-of-Work and Proof-of-Stake systems are also referred to as Proof-of-Activity (PoA). PoA is a consensus protocol introduced by the Proof of Activity: Extending Bitcoin’s Proof of Work via Proof of Stake whitepaper, co-authored by Litecoin founder Charlie Lee.
Decred uses BLAKE-256 as its hash function. BLAKE-256 is based around a HAIFA construction that incorporates a variation of the ChaCha stream cipher by Daniel J. Bernstein. The BLAKE-256 hashing function has high performance ratings on x86-64 micro architecture.[4]
Decred developers created the first functioning cryptocurrency atomic swap between Decred (DCR) and Litecoin (LTC) on September 19, 2017.[5]
Decred Official website
@Decredproject on Twitter



.I Nano Roadmap released! Read the latest developments: View RoadmapWant Nano in your pocket? Download the App for iOS or Android and start sending and receiving payments from anywhere in the world on your mobile device.Sign up for the iOS Wallet Beta Sign up for the Android Wallet BetaLike the idea of managing your Nano locally? Sync the Nano Wallet to your desktop for added convenience and security to ensure you are in total control.Sign up for the Nano Wallet BetaDownload Windows Download MacOS Download LinuxDownload SourceIdeal Trading PairNano's instant and zero-fee transactions make it ideal for cryptocurrency tradersPeer to PeerQuickly pay friends and family using Nano, whether you're paying rent, or splitting a taxi fare or billMicropaymentsUse Nano to pay small amounts for digital asset rights, content subscriptions and moreBusiness to CustomerSeamless checkouts are right around the corner with Nano, whether in store or online10 May 2018The long standing bug with the wallet failing to shut down cleanly has been fixed. Previously, it would not properly close connections…18 April 2018On Friday, April 13th, 2018, our team encountered a bug while bootstrapping that led to nodes failing to resolve forks correctly and…9 April 2018Dear Nano Community: We recognize that it has been some time since we’ve spoken publicly about BitGrail’s insolvency or the related ongoing…Rebrand announced from RaiBlocks to Nano with all-new supporting website.New versions of our whitepaper released – including a technical deep dive in to the protocol design considerations.Faucet closed and remaining token supply destroyed, leaving Nano at a maximum supply of 133,248,290 $NANO© 2018 NanoNano is a cryptocurrency that was formerly called Raiblocks and focuses on providing payment solutions. 
Nano counts with instant transactions, zero transaction fees and a high degree of scalability.
The leading cryptocurrency Bitcoin has been criticized for the delays in payments and high transaction fees, that resulted from a higher level of adoption of the cryptocurrency in late 2017. Hence many opinion leaders in the crypto industry claimed that Bitcoin no longer serves as a means of payment and instead is just a store of value as for example gold. Other cryptocurrencies like Nano tried to fill this gap and are designed particularly for serving as payment solutions. 
Nano official website
Nano Events & Announcements



.I 0x 0x(ZRX) is an open, permissionless protocol allowing for ERC20 tokens to be traded on the Ethereum blockchain.

A protocol that facilitates low friction peer-to-peer exchange of ERC20 tokens on the Ethereum blockchain. The protocol is intended to serve as an open standard and common building block, driving interoperability among decentralized applications (dApps) that incorporate exchange functionality.
Project website
ICO start date: 2017-08-15
Trades are executed by a system of Ethereum smart contracts that are publicly accessible, free to use and that any dApp can hook into. DApps built on top of the protocol can access public liquidity pools or create their own liquidity pool and charge transaction fees on the resulting volume. The protocol is unopinionated: it does not impose costs on its users or arbitrarily extract value from one group of users to benefit another. Decentralized governance is used to continuously and securely integrate updates into the base protocol without disrupting dApps or end users.
More information in the project whitepaper: [1] [2]
Twitter
Slack
Facebook
Blog
Linkedin
Project website
https://tokenmarket.net/blockchain/ethereum/assets/0x/



.I BitShares 
Built using the latest in industry research, BitShares 2.0 offers a
stack of financial services including exchange and banking on a blockchain.
Download
   OR   
Try Online Exchange 
BitShares is an open-source, public,  blockchain-based real-time financial platform. It provides a built-in decentralized asset exchange, similar to New York Stock Exchange but for  cryptocurrencies and without the need to trust a central authority to handle all the funds, that can execute trading using an international network of computers in which anyone can take part. BitShares also provides a cryptocurrency token called "BTS", which can be transferred between accounts and is used to collect fees for network operations and as a collateral for loans.
This platform was designed by American programmer and entrepreneur Dan Larimar, and launched in July 2014.
Since March 2016 the project is a part of Microsoft Azure Blockchain as a Service package

On June 2nd 2013, an entrepreneur named Dan Larimer has discovered a way of creating a fiat/Bitcoin exchange without fiat deposits by introducing a token that is backed by another token on the same blockchain.
While discussing this concept with other crypto-enthusiasts on various Internet forums, he introduced his ideas to Charles Hoskinson, a co-founder of  Ethereum, who helped to vet the idea and develop a business plan. Together they presented the plan to Li Xiaolai, a Chinese Bitcoin tycoon, who agreed to fund the development. On 4th of July they have founded a company named Invictus Innovations. Few month later, In October 2013 Hoskinson and Larimer presented the concept of BitShares at the Atlanta Bitcoin Conference .
Larimer aimed to create Bitshares X, a blockchain platform that derives its value from a built-in business, specifically a decentralized bank and exchange, instead of an Internet  meme (e.g  Dogecoin) or some technical innovation (e.g Bitcoin, Ethereum).
As he realized that the development would take time, he created BitShares PTS (also known as ProtoShares), a bitcoin clone whose tokens were planned to later be upgraded to Bitshares, so that the early backers could be involved with the project form the beginning by a way of mining and trading.
The first PTS block was mined On November 5, 2013.
Few weeks later Daniel came to a conclusion that the concept  mining was flawed. He argued that it lead to the network centralization in countries with cheap electricity and unfairly high entry requirements for participation, as mining on an average computer quickly became unprofitable
A month after the release of ProtoShares, around December 1st, he announced that his following projects instead of  Proof of Work mining would utilize a  Proof of Stake derivative, which, in his opinion, was a simple algorithm that could be used by anyone on their home computer.
On december 8th, 2013 Larimer introduced a new consensus algorithm - Delegated Proof Of Stake (see below), upon which the BitShares platform was built and launched on July 19th of the same year.[1]
BitShares objectives is to offer financial services, typically offered by banks, to end users. Therefore it operates with stablecoins such as bitUSD and bitCNY.[2]
According to the developers the platform is capable of processing 100,000 transactions per second (tps) and even more with minimal optimization. For comparison, Visa Inc., one of the largest financial providers in the world, handles, on average, 2000 tps with a maximum capacity of 24,000 tps. [3]
BitShares allows its users to trade on the built-in fully decentralized exchange (DEX). While traditional cryptocurrency exchanges rely on their own private servers to store, handle and control all the funds, they also have a history of  theft,  being hacked or closed down. The idea of a DEX is to have no access to its users' private keys, which are the cryptographic equivalent of a strong password to a regular Internet account, and to operate on a distributed computer network. This way traders remain in full control of their money and the trading platform itself is more resistant to attacks.[4]
All accounts on the platform can be set up to be controlled by multiple different accounts, reflecting the hierarchy of permissions in real life organizations, where the funds could be controlled by several people.
Such a hierarchical control over funds creates an environment that is less prone to theft or hacking. [5]
The blockchain has a built-in referral program which provides incentives to users that bring new people to the platform as increasing the amount of users strengthens the security of the whole network and raises its market value. [6]
Users on BitShares are able to create their own custom tokens in order to, for example, promote their business or facilitate crowdfunding for a startup. These tokens can be traded or held by other users as a regular cryptocurrency. The issuer can decide on the token name, description, initial distribution, trading fees and more[7]
According to the developers, a “Smartcoin” is a token that has its value algorithmically adjusted to that of some asset, like US Dollar, a precious metal or a share of a company. These coins are generally referred as stablecoins on other cryptocurrency platforms. The value of Smartcoins on the BitShares platform is programmed to always be fully backed by its core currency, BTS. These tokens also provide the option to be automatically converted to BTS – “settled” – at any moment without the need to use an exchange. [8]
BitShares has its own reserve pool to which it collects the transaction fees. The funds from this pool can be spent on the improvement of the network and its maintenance. Any user can propose a project and ask for funding. The other users then vote to decide if the proposal gets approved. This model allows the platform to be self-sustaining and rely less on external funding. [9]
The wallet addresses on the BitShares platform are readable, user defined account names, similar to the regular usernames on the Internet.[10]
Delegated Proof of Stake (DPOS) is a blockchain's consensus model. It utilizes a voting system to control the network parameters such as transaction fees, block intervals, the number of block-producing nodes and to decide which nodes it will be. This predetermined list of nodes allows for transaction confirmation times of, on average, one second. 
The block-producing nodes are called “witnesses”, their job is to group the transactions that have been broadcast to the network into “blocks” and add them to the blockchain. The block production is performed in a round robin pattern so that every node gets to produce one block per round. Each witness is paid for every valid block it produces while failure to do so results in no payment and a possibility of being voted out as a malicious node. Every day the network updates the witness list in accordance to the user votes
[11]
The database is available to any company, especially those who have a direct relationship to the financial market.
Virtual service inventory BitShares is famous for its reliability, as its functionality is monitored by two levels: cryptography and high distribution of a transparent network. If we compare this pattern with other registries operating around the world, they are very much lose it. The same paper copies are exposed to numerous risks. Since they are filled manually, they are not immune from errors and inaccuracies. They can easily be stolen, burned, lost or simply changed. 
With regard to the virtual databases that are controlled by Central administration, they can be easily sold, copied, updated or modified. The situation is not better with tricked-out registries, with which financial and credit institutions work. They are completely absent transparency. The human factor encourages the creation of several copies of the original. But it still doesn't save from the inner contradiction.
If you ask in any Bank who is really the owner of the gold reserve and how many times on bail managed to give consumers the same ounce, none of them will answer. And not because it is confidential information. It's just that the registries are already technologically obsolete. One only manual reconciliation what is worth. Not only is it time-consuming and monetary, but it is also 100% unreliable. While the virtual database BitShares fully complies with all current standards of maintaining and preserving information.
The unique resource of the digital currency market has a special software that synchronizes the databases of its customers. They have access to BitShares software, creating a network of computers subscribers. The peculiarity of this functionality is that to create this network is enough to connect to the Internet only two PCs. Failure of the server is completely excluded. Silently change public data to anyone not under force, as any private PC that contains a complete duplicate of an existing registry.
In this embodiment, the project is not attractive to all fans of the cryptocurrency world, as a distributed multi – user private registry with an update, in other words-software, is regulated by public key cryptography and a clear list of rules. The essence of the usefulness of the functional lies in the fact that it is protected by the privilege of free speech and is public property. Although public information is publicly available, it can be modified and copied, but it is only possible to destroy the registry if the digital currency market disappears completely.
Since the business idea is created on the blockchain platform and belongs to the digital currency market, it is just supposed to have its own kind of cryptocurrency. Altcoin does exist. This is bitshares (BTS). It belongs to the group of smart currencies. These include those virtual coins that do not just develop as a strong form of digital money, but their value is provided by the company's service and products, as is the case with BitShares cryptocurrency. 
BitShares service closely correlates with the functionality of stock exchanges. At this site, you can also monitor the growth of its stock, conduct internal speculation to monitor the implementation of debt obligations.
The BitShares project develops according to its business model, has a personal stake, is managed by the Union of General Directors, which are chosen by the holders of securities. This joint venture has joint property tracked by electronic lists. Shareholders of BitShares are not only registered as token holders and are engaged in selection of candidates for the Board of Directors. Their votes are recorded directly in the project register itself. Shareholders carefully record all business transactions in the register, thereby preventing the appropriation of money by employees of the company. 
The server accurately tracks the fulfillment of items of property rights in shares – BTS. Startup BitShares is engaged in processing financial transfers for a fee, profit is distributed to shareholders by repurchasing tokens. Any holder of the company's share has the right to vote for someone of their delegates. Falls in the top 25. After approval, the selected delegates are expected to perform all possible tasks and monitor the functionality. For all these actions, they receive their earnings from shareholders.
If you look at this, the software BitShares prospects no can not be, if users stop gathering together to determine the value of the personal cryptocurrency. Each member of the cryptocurrency community increases the total price of the virtual database and receives the cost from other users of the Association. 
Since 2013, the BitShares community has grown from a small group to a thousand people. It was created with the aim of establishing decentralized, market-based solutions to protect the work, freedom and property rights of all in General and each individual.
Financial institutions issue loans (debts) under the guarantee of no less valuable collateral. All these operations are monitored by using the registry. Earn banking institutions on interest paid on loans and attracting investment from investors. BitShares the company also provides loans, mostly in USD (BitUSD), the secured asset in BTS. The duty of a startup called BitAsset. Who needs another currency can choose BitOil, BitSilver, BitGold, etc.
If banks are partially accustomed to using their reserves, then BitShares can afford to use 300% of the total reserves. Standard financial institutions have to use illiquid assets to fulfill obligations to depositors, while the virtual resource quietly uses personal tokens for this purpose and does not remain in loss. If taxpayers stop paying on loans in a timely manner, it will be problematic for a financial institution to pay interest on deposits in a timely manner, while investors will not face BitShares.
When this is necessary, people or companies use additional currency for the sake of getting out of a delicate situation. Usually, this can be anything: jewelry, securities, precious metals, Antiques, etc., the Project BitShares in this case, too, err on all sides. So it is able to offer the clients the solid range of assets: personal altcoin, the credit, virtual money – BitSilver, BitGold, BitUSD and so forth.Uniqueness of these assets lies in the fact that it is impossible to forge them, somewhere imperceptibly to transfer or piece to reduce their cost.
It is quite adequate comparison for the strengthened cryptocurrency community. Moreover, the country also published personal currency, have an elected government and obey a specific set of laws. All sorts of misunderstandings and problems are solved in the BitShares community by using all the database systems, obligations, smart contracts, insurance, etc.all honestly and transparently.



.I Siacoin 
Sia is a cooperative file storage network platform that leverages the Siacoin token, smart contracts, and blockchain technology to safely store data on hosts distributed throughout the world.[1] It is written in the language Go and actively developed by Nebulous Inc.
Sia began in September 2013 as a project by David Vorick and Luke Champine when they were both undergraduate computer science students at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, New York. The original Sia project was conceived at HackMIT 2013.[2]
While most cryptocurrency projects at the time focused on digital assets as a medium of exchange, Vorick and Champine theorized about a better system that would create intrinsic value for their holders by using their token as payment for file storage. Vorick created Siacoin "to provide infrastructure that nobody, including ourselves, has the control over [...] something with no failure points, where there is no place of leverage and no company, country, jurisdiction, person who can decide that they don't like you or they have ulterior motives."[3]
Vorick and Champine created Nebulous Inc. in May 2014.[4] Nebulous was initially funded by a September 2014 seed round of $750,000 from investors including Procyon Ventures,[5][6] Raptor Group,[7][8] Fenbushi Capital,[9][10] and angel investor Xiaolai Li.[11][12] Nebulous raised an additional estimated $500,000 from Siafunds (SF) sale in May 2014 and $400,000 via grant from INBlockchain in July 2017 for a total of $1.7 million.[13][14]
The first public beta was released in March 2015[15] with version 1.0.0 being released in June 2016.  The most recent release was version 1.3.1 in December 2017.[15]
Sia is a decentralized file storage system that incentivizes people to rent out their unused hard disk drive space to earn Siacoin, or SC. It does this by using a blockchain technology whose design is similar to Bitcoin with a few unique technical tweaks that allow it to be used efficiently for file storage. The main difference is the "file contract", a special kind of blockchain smart contract that provides a way for hosts (people offering storage space for rent) to get paid for proving that they have stored a file and made it available for a user over a period of time.[16] To protect user privacy, all data is encrypted before being uploaded to the network, and only the user can decrypt them again.[17] Other technologies like payment channels further optimize the Sia network for file storage. Combining this with redundancy and error-correction,  codes yields a self-bootstrapping ecosystem where the cheapest available excess storage capacity is automatically used preferentially by the network.
Sia's file contracts allow for monthly storage costs of about $2 per terabyte, compared to a cost of $4 for Amazon Glacier and $23 for Amazon S3.[14]
Sia is written in Go. It runs on 64-bit versions on Windows, Mac OS X and Linux.
Sia has both a graphical user interface for end users as well as a commandline version for use in headless environments. Both interfaces use the same core and have the same set of features and capabilities.
Sia splits up files into small pieces and stores the pieces across multiple hosts using Reed–Solomon encoding.[17] This encoding enables Sia to achieve a 3x redundancy, ensuring that even if multiple hosts go offline, the renter will still have access to their files. Merkle trees allow the storage hosts to provide cryptographic zero-knowledge proof that it still stores the files. These proofs are tested continually by the storage network, with hosts failing to prove storage too many times losing their staked collateral. Hosts are expected to have 95 to 98 percent uptime, compared to 99.9% for conventional cloud storage providers.[18]
Siacoin (SC) is the cryptocurrency used to buy and sell storage on the Sia platform.  Siacoin uses a Proof-of-Work (PoW) consensus protocol incorporating BLAKE2b as its hash function.
Siacoin is created through proof-of-work mining with a target block time of 10 minutes to prevent Sybil attacks and to secure the network Sia plans to utilize a proof-of-burn algorithm to manage inflation and control the number of Siacoins in circulation. Annual inflation ex-burn is projected to fall below 4% in mid-2020 and below 3% in mid-2025 when block reward decreases from 300,000 in the genesis block to 30,000 on block 270,000. In mid-2025, the coin supply ex-burn is projected to be approximately 52 billion. Nebulous Inc. holds less than 1% of all Siacoin.
Between January and June 2017, the market capitalization of Siacoin increased almost 100-fold from $5.3 million to $527.8 million.[14] In June 2017, Siacoin was the 16th largest cryptocurrency by market cap.[16] In July 2017, Forbes named Siacoin in their top 25 crypto assets, describing it as "decentralized file storage that’s a tenth of the cost, faster and more reliable [than Amazon S3]".[19] On January 7, 2018, Siacoin's market cap reached an all-time high of $3.08 billion.[20]
Siafunds (SF) are a second cryptocurrency built into the Sia platform.  10,000 Siafunds exist; 1,175 Siafunds were sold in May 2014 for an estimated $500,000 to help fund the development of the Sia platform.  The remaining 8,835 Siafunds are owned by Nebulous, the parent company of Sia.  3.9% of all successful storage contract payouts go to the holders of the Siafunds.[21]
Siacoin trades for Bitcoin and Ether on the following online exchanges:



.I Wanchain REBUILDING FINANCEWith Private Cross-Chain Smart ContractsConnecting the World's Digital AssetsWanchain is creating new distributed financial infrastructure. Cross-chain smart contracts built on Wanchain will power the new digital economyDigital EconomyDigitization of AssetsNew OpportunitiesFinancial InfrastructureDecentralized ExchangeAssetManagement ToolsICOPlatformA distributed financial infrastructure that seamlessly connects blockchain networks togetherWanchain is not merely a universal cross-chain protocol, it is a distributed ledger that records cross-chain and intra-chain transactionsThe ledger not only supports smart contracts, but also supports privacy protectionWANCHAIN - REBUILDING FINANCEWe are passionate about rebuilding finance by connecting the world's digital assets onto a single blockchainRing signature provides complete anonymity to the signer of a transaction, and yet provides the ability for the receiver to correctly verify that the sender did in fact sign the transaction. The optional One Time Addresses (OTA) provides complete anonymity for the receiver of every transaction. Private Send function breaks down every transaction input to a standard denomination, thereby providing further obfuscation to the transaction amountBased on complex algebra, locked accounts with SMPC enables low threshold to convert any digital asset from any blockchain into a corresponding proxy asset on Wanchain's blockchain. This unleashes the power to build compelling distributed cross-chain Dapps and removes centralized counterparty risk. Wanchain will support ERC20 and protocol tokensWanchain's blockchain builds upon the strengths and robustness of Ethereum. Any Ethereum Dapp will run on Wanchain with zero code changes, yet, applications can be enhanced with Wanchain's APIs to leverage privacy protection and cross-chain capabilities2016 / 062016 / 122017 / 062017 / 092018 / 012018 / 062018 / 122019Wanchain is a distributed financial infrastructure, connecting different blockchain networks to exchange value.
Project website
ICO start date: 2017-10-03
Wanchain platform aims to offer following functions:- Become a distributed platform for the exchange of various digital currencies.- Carry out deposit and loan business for different digital currencies.- Conduct transactions of digital assets using digital currency as a medium.- Issue and trade brand new digital financial assets.
More information in the project whitepaper: https://wanchain.org/files/Wanchain-Whitepaper-EN-version.pdf
Twitter
[wanchain.slack.com Slack]
Facebook
Project website
http://icorating.com/project/338/wanchain



.I Populous BLOCKCHAIN SOLUTIONS FOR BUSINESSPopulous World provides solutions to help businesses constantly grow and develop. We present an opportunity to benefit from using advanced blockchain and big data processing technologies effectively.A P2P (peer-to-peer) invoice finance platform that is globalising what is currently a localised and limited market sector. It is a global invoice trading platform built on Blockchain's distributed ledger technology.Investors from any part of the world, can invest in an invoice sold by an invoice seller from any part of the world. Without help of financial institutions.Almost immediate funding without any third-party. Smart Contracts automatically perform funding, release payment and other actions.Elimination of manual errors and protection from frauds due to the transparency of each transaction and decentralised database on the blockchain.Developed by data storage experts, the Populous XBRL Platform (PXP) is a business intelligence (BI) data analytics platform. The PXP provides cost-effective access to datasets and analysis tools allowing all businesses to access tools that can help drive their business forward.We provide you with the datasets of business reporting provided in XBRL format, which is used by more than 50 countries all around the globe.Visualize any data from variety of sources by creating interactive live charts. Cross reference, identify trends and generate new insights.A community of researchers are available to save the user time on analysing and handling data. Buy, order and sell reports on the platform.

Total PPT supply: 


PPT in circulation: 


Market cap: $



Total PXT supply: 500000000


PXT in circulation: N/A


Market cap: $N/A


              Get the latest in blockchain and banking delivered to your inbox.
             We respect your email privacyPowered by AWeber Email Marketing +44 (0)843 849 6671[email protected]2004, 16 Great Chapel Street London W1F 8FL© 2018 Populous World Ltd. All Rights ReservedPopulous is  a cryptocurrency and an invoice marketplace built using the latest in blockchain technology. On Populous, invoices are traded through auctions using smart contracts.

Populous (PPT) is providing financial services for  invoicing and factoring via a blockchain. The ICO started in June 2017. The objective of Populous is to enable invoice trading on a global scale and taking out all intermediaries of the business.[1]
Populous uses iXBRL, Smart Contracts, Stablecoins and more to create a unique trading environment for investors, lenders and SMEs.
Authorized sellers can list invoices and set minimum prices. Populous analyzes the credit risk of invoices by using the Altman Z-score.[2]
Twitter
Slack
Linkedin
Project website
http://www.populous.co/populous_whitepaper.pdf
https://tokenmarket.net/blockchain/ethereum/assets/populous/



.I Bytom BYTOMAny peer-to-peer financial applications and asset applications from institutions and individuals could be built on Bytom chain.Consensus algorithm promotes AI techniques Calculation power actually usingCustomize Your Smart contract Completely control assetsDigital Asset Atomic Transfer High concurrent exchange Adaptable to different business environmentsProject Established2017.1Fund Completed2017.6Testnet Released2017.9Howey Test Passed2017.10“SPARK” Bytom 0.2.02017.12Tensority Released “Scope” Bytom 0.3.02018.1“NEU” Bytom 0.4.02018.2Mainnet launch2018.Q2The Bytom Blockchain project formally begins in January 2017.In June 2017, private equity funding completed. Bytom published the economic and technical white papers, and announced plans for public fundraising.Bytom 0.1.0 BigBang version released. China Hangzhou’s First Public Chain Bytom Releases The Alpha Testnet BigBangsBytom passed the SEC “Howey Test”, Bytom Becomes the First Non-Securities Public Blockchain Project in the USABytom released the test network Beta version 0.2 on December 1st — Spark —including the multi-platform client program (command line version).Bytom Visual Client 0.3“Scope” released On 4th January. In January, Artificial Intelligence Friendly POW Algorithm Verified Global Released.Bytom Visual Client released new version of Testnet, named“NEU”.Version 1.0 of the Bytom Blockchain(Mainnet) will be officially released.News & EventsFollow us






						                Consistently deliver the highest levels of security, reliability, efficiency, and performance for a wide range of enterprise applications. 
						                
						                 A decentralized trading system built on Bytom can place asseting custody, matching transactions, and asset clearing on the blockchain through open source smart contracts.
						                
						                  Decentralized exchange built on Bytom does not need to rely on a third party service to hold the customer’s funds. Instead, trades occur directly between users through an automated process.
						                
						                 Bytom wallet allows you to trade with the entire world. You can receive BTM from other people using BTM addresses generated in Bytom wallets and vice versa
						                 Download

						                 using Blockchain technology that hash proves the contents of the file and the time stamp proves when the document was created, Bytom can provide a secure, traceable data transaction service to any identy verification.
						                
						                  All aspects of asset registration, transaction, and settlement can be completed on the bytom blockchain. In this whole process, Bytom is precisely the role of the "infrastructure" of the asset tokenization.
						                HomeFeaturesJoinus
Team

Blog

Blockchain Explorer

Wallet

Testnet

	E-mail: contact@bytom.io

Website: bytom.io
Bytom is a cryptocurrency that is designed to be the public blockchain specifically for the area of asset management. The objective of Bytom is to bridge the digital world and the physical world, and to build a decentralized network where various digital and physical assets can be registered and exchanged.
Bytom is a protocol of multiple byte assets. Heterogeneous byte-assets operate in different forms on the Bytom Blockchain and atomic assets (warrants, securities, dividends, bonds, intelligence information, forecasting information and other information that exist in the physical world) can be registered, exchanged, gambled via Bytom.
Official Website
Bytom Whitepaper



.I Waves 
.I Augur Augur is an open-source, decentralized, peer-to-peer oracle and prediction market
                 platform built on the Ethereum blockchain.Augur allows users to trustlessly create prediction markets on the outcome of any future event.We’re pleased to share that security audits for Augur Core have been completed. This four month process resulted in a detailed report of findings within the Augur...We’re excited to share with you the release of the new Augur white paper! Our team has been working on this for the past few months, and it’s finally ready for the public to read...In September 2017, Augur engaged Coinspect to perform a security audit of the Solidity Compiler. The objective of the audit was to evaluate the security of the compiler...The Augur team has made the decision to migrate our community discussions from Slack to Discord. After heavily considering our options for many weeks, we believe this is...Augurs lead developer, Jack Peterson, gave a preview into our bounty program at his talk during Devcon3 this year. Titled “Missing links in the Ethereum development stack...Six weeks ago Augur and ZeppelinSolutions disclosed an audit of the Serpent compiler, revealing a critical security vulnerability effecting the Reputation (REP) token...Augur’s smart contracts are currently written in Serpent, a low-level programming language that pre-dates the widely-used, higher-level Solidity language. This past...I am happy to announce that I will be joining Pantera Capital as a partner this month to co-manage their Pantera ICO Fund. This will be in addition to guiding...Augur is an open-source, decentralized, peer-to-peer prediction market platform built on Ethereum. People trading on Augur are rewarded if they bet on the right outcomes. The idea is to use markets in order to predict outcomes.
Augur's crowdsale occurred in August and September 2015 making it one of the first decentralized applications on the Ethereum blockchain.  
Reputation (REP) is the tradable token on which the Augur prediction market runs. 
Users can place bets on basically anything by creating a market. Once the market is created, trading is initiated and all users can access and freely make use of the market. An algorithm predicts outcomes on Augur based on the investments people made for certain outcomes. 
The REP token can be traded on major exchanges such as Binance, BIttrex or Kraken.
Official Website
https://t.co/xvxBP39OWL
We Use Coins: What is Augur?
The Merkle: What is Augur?
Coincentral: What is Augur? Beginner's Guide


Stratis is a flexible, powerful blockchain development platform designed for the needs of real-world financial services businesses. It also provides benefits to other types of organizations that want to leverage blockchain technologies. This is a turnkey solution that enables developers and businesses to develop, test, and deploy blockchain-based applications without having to operate their own network infrastructure.
The Stratis platform has been designed to meet the needs of businesses and organizations of all sizes and is particularly suitable for those who run their services in a Windows/Microsoft environment. 
STRAT is a cryptocurrency used by the Stratis platform to ensure the creation of closed and public chains for corporate use. Stratis platform offers a solution for fast creation of individual chains on the basis of own blockchain. These chains can vary in accordance with the needs of your company and even play a popular function of the blockchain, such as Ethereum or Lisk that can be tested individually or simultaneously. 
Stratis is also a consulting agency based in London that helps clients create chains and make use of existing blockchains that best meet their needs[1].
Some of the advantages of the Stratis project that will affect the real world are the following: 
Breeze wallet is built on a third-party TestNet network and is currently not ready for release. The first task is to complete all work on the beta version of the wallet and transfer it to the main Stratis network. It will allow you to make transactions that provide a high level of confidentiality[2]. 
The Stratis Identity Platform is an application for managing user identities and the ability to verify them. The application was released earlier, however, in the last quarter of 2017, the release version for iOS is scheduled. 
In the near future, Stratis developers will present a multi-level service for investors to launch and manage their Own masternode node. Previously, the main requirement for starting a Masternode node was the availability of 250,000 STRAT tokens. The plans indicated that investors with sums STRAT 1000, 10 000 and 100 000 STRAT STRAT too will now be able to run node. 
Sidechains Alpha Is a service to provide its network for companies and developers who want to create applications on the blockchain with the ability to implement them in C# / programming languages .NET.
Stratis can be stored in its native wallet to maintain network security. Those who keep funds in their wallets receive a reward for this, according to the consensus of PoS type (proof of stake). It is possible to store STRAT using Raspberry PI instead of doing so on a computer or laptop. For each block, one new token is issued, the generation of which requires about 60 seconds. This restrains the inflation rate STRAT at a very low level, at the same time giving stakeholders a financial motivation. Master nodes are an important aspect of the future of Stratis. These Breeze nodes are created to support the budding Breeze wallet, which gives users additional privacy for their transactions[3]. 
In order to use such a Stratis Breeze site, users are required to block a certain number of coins. In this case, 250,000 STRATS must be kept in the wallet at all times to be used to support the operation of the site. It is worth mentioning that Breeze nodes also support transactions in bitcoins, and the operator must have 5 BTC or more reserved to support the operation of this functionality. It is obvious that the blockchain ecosystem has much to offer to both developers and fans of the cryptocurrency. The ability to build applications on C# and .NET is quite attractive for companies. In addition, those who use cryptocurrencies can benefit from the secrecy of transactions in both STRAT and bitcoin.
Stratis, Ethereum, Neo Projects support their smart contracts. But unlike the rest on Ethereum there is a fundamental problem-smart contracts are written in the language of Solidity, while Stratis and Neo support several popular languages — C#, Java, JavaScript (in the basic component or in the form of API). Writing smart contracts on Ethereum means that the developer needs to first learn about Solidity. 
Moreover, Stratis maintains contracts for the sidechained, unlike Ethereum, where each contract comes from the blockchain Ethereum. Stratis and Ethereum have already gained recognition from the market as well as large companies such as Microsoft. Neo, in turn, also has a developed ecosystem of products, as well as a partnership with quite strong projects, such as CoinDash. 
Previously, we provided a comparative table for these three projects (you need to take into account the description above for a more rigorous comparison, as well as compare the trading volume at the moment).



.I Bitcoin Diamond Bitcoin Diamond is a hard fork of the cryptocurrency Bitcoin. The fork occurred in November 2017, on block 495866. 
The difference between Bitcoin and Bitcoin Diamond is that they multiplied the supply by 10, meaning that if you had 1 BTC before block 495866, you received 10 BCD. The code appears to be very similar to the Bitcoin Core code. The developers remain anonymous. 
Bitcoin Diamond/Super Bitcoin/BitCore: What You Need To Know



.I Maker 
          Dai is a cryptocurrency that is price stabilized against the value of the U.S. Dollar. Dai is created by the Dai Stablecoin System, a decentralized platform that runs on the Ethereum blockchain.
        


How Dai works


          Maker is a decentralized autonomous organization on the Ethereum blockchain seeking to minimize the
           price volatility of its own stable token — the Dai — against the U.S. Dollar.
        
The Dai Stablecoin System was developed by Maker.
          Our team consists of developers, economists and designers from all over the world.
          Our decentralized autonomous organization is governed by our token holders.
        Maker is a cryptocurrency and a governance token. It is a decentralized autonomous organization on the Ethereum blockchain


Maker is a decentralized autonomous organization on the Ethereum blockchain with the objective of minimizing the price volatility of its own stablecoin Dai, against the U.S. Dollar. In contrast to DAI the price of Maker itself is volatile. Maker is a utility token and the price increases with the usage of the Dai. 
Maker holders can vote for the risk management and business logic of the Maker system.
Dai is a fully collateral-backed currency token whose value is kept predictable relative to the US Dollar through a series of competing for financial incentives.
Unlike centralized stablecoins, the currency lives completely on the blockchain, its stability is unmediated by any locality, and its solvency does not rely on any trusted counterparties. All Dai is backed by a collateral that has been escrowed into publicly viewable smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain.
Official Website
Dai Dashboard, where CDPs are created
The Merkle: What is Maker Token (MKR)?
What is Maker?
Maker for Dummies: A Plain English Explanation of the Dai Stablecoin



.I RChain    Scalable Blockchain ApPlicationS    Scalable Blockchain ApPlicationS "To become a blockchain solution with industrial-scale utility, RChain must provide content delivery at the scale of Facebook and support transactions at the speed of Visa.After due diligence on the current state of many blockchain projects, after deep collaboration with Ethereum developers, and after understanding their respective roadmaps, we concluded that the current and near-term Blockchain architectures cannot meet these requirements.In mid-2016, we resolved to build a better blockchain architecture."TechnologyTechnologyThe RChain decentralized applications platform is powered by the Rho Virtual Machine.Independence: Each instance of RhoVM executes an independent set of smart contracts on an independent blockchain and networks only when necessary. This means that RChain is partitioned (sharded) by default, resulting in a network of coordinated and parallel blockchains. This well sought-after "multi-chain" design is built with self-sufficiency in mind, and it represents a victory unique to RChain.Scalability: As the platform grows, nodes simply initialize new instances of RhoVM to manage the load. This allows the platform to scale linearly while keeping performance, consistency, and code complexity constant.Performance: Each instance of RhoVM is lightweight and multi-threaded, so multiple high-performance instances can exist on a single node. Thus, applications on RChain achieve unprecedented throughput, availability, and response time, opening a new landscape of decentralized applications suitable for the modern market.The visibility of a blockchain and its smart contracts, to other contracts on the network, is determined by the blockchain’s namespace.Namespaces offer developers a semi-automated framework to collocate and execute sets of contracts based on their features, dependencies, and behavioral patterns.These properties can be checked statically to help developers construct type-safe environmental policies on encryption, supported interfaces, economic protocols, identity, and much more.RChain contracts are internally concurrent. They leverage a message-passing paradigm to optimize responsiveness, offering a more dynamic and sophisticated smart contract ecosystem.In addition to concurrency, smart contracts enjoy a number of industry-leading functions:Meta-programmingReactive Data StreamsPattern MatchingAs a result, RChain contracts are matchless in throughput and programmability. What's more, every line of code on RChain obeys a well-tested, formal model of concurrent computation, allowing automatic formal verification for highly scalable contracts.Officers & TeamOfficers & Team Greg Meredith: PresidentAs the President of the RChain Cooperative, Greg is tasked with executing on the directives of the co-op board, as well as giving high level leadership to the cooperative and the RChain platform development. Kate Gonsalves: Treasurer & CFOAs the Treasurer of the RChain Cooperative, Kate will be in charge of the Co-op finances. Evan Jensen: Secretary As the Secretary for the RChain Cooperative, Evan is tasked with the creation and revision of important documentation for the cooperative, including but not limited to employee/contractor dealings. Evan will also provide strategic counsel to the various committees he is a link to, such as the governance committee.Kenny Rowe: COOAs the Chief Operations Officer, Kenny is tasked with improving the logistics of the co-op interworkings such as the on-boarding of new members and developers. In addition Kenny will also be a link and guide for the compensation committee. Patrick Maguire: Community LeadAs the Community lead, Patrick is tasked with creating, connecting and analyzing various community building projects for the RChain Co-op membership by bridging Core development/marketing work with member activism generated from autonomous community initiatives.  Board of directorsBoard of directors Greg is the President of The RChain Cooperative. Previously he has worked as Principal Architect of Microsoft's BizTalk Process Orchestration, Principal Architect of Microsoft's Highwire offering as well as Principal Architect of ATM Network management solution for ATT/NCR and Co-designer and developer of MCC's Rosette/ESS technology.  Kenny is a Board Member and the Chief Operating Officer. An entrepreneur who brings a focus on governance, community building and collaboration to projects across the blockchain industry. Kenny currently serves as head of operations at MakerDAO as well as a senior consultant at CoinFund. Kenny founded the Seattle Ethereum Meetup group and previously spent eight years working in ecommerce for Newell Brands in various management roles.  Evan is the Secretary of The RChain Cooperative. Evan is an attorney with special interest in progressing crypto-related law. Evan is also legal counsel for The RChain Cooperative.Ian is an Open-source, linux, and DAO enthusiast. Worked as a Microsoft Software Engineer for AEGON, Computer Security Specialist for Fortress Technologies & Kroll.A strong believer that the future of the internet must be and will be decentralized. David also works with dapphub and makerdao. David stood as a candidate for the Internet Party at the last general election in his home of New Zealand for the principles on which the internet was founded, principles of freedom, fairness, openness for all - advocating transparent governance, data-driven policy, a surveillance-free society and much WOW which decentralised tech will enable. We need better tools for communication and co-ordination, tools which can’t be manipulated or subverted by the interests of the few. Tools like RChain.Vlad Zamfir is a prominent researcher and commentator in the blockchain ecosystem. He is most known for his research and design work on Casper, the Proof-of-Stake consensus protocol for the Ethereum project. Vlad is an outspoken thought leader on the subjects of Blockchain governance and humanitarian applications for the technology. Working since 1989 in the IT business with a degree in Business Management in 1990 from the University of Groningen, The Netherlands. HJ started in 1995 to introduce email in the Ministry of Education and created their first website. “With friends I raised the Association NetYes that made the digital city of The Hague. In 1997 I joined AtosOrigin as a CRM consultant.” Currently HJ is in the position of blockchain consultant with focus on social communities, attention economy and remuneration of creators instead of third parties.Navneet Suman is an adherent of decentralization and has involved with cryptocurrencies for few years. In his current role at RChain Holdings, Inc., he is involved in building a vibrant ecosystem of the decentralized applications on RChain Platform, a secure compute infrastructure for blockchain with rest of the leadership team. In his past, he worked for advisory firms and startups in the different capacity.Partners & advisorsPartners & advisorsPyrofex - dedicated to fostering a disciplined and technically masterful core development program for the RChain Cooperative.Pithia - dedicated to fostering the use of RChain for innovators and enterprises.Reflective Ventures(website coming soon) - a fund dedicated to developing the RChain Ecosystem through partnerships and education. Join UsJoin UsDevelopers, members and the greater community can all interact with RChain in various ways. Below are a few.Join membership - register to join The RChain Cooperative and engage with the community.Public Discord - a dedicated server on our discord chat for non-member communications. Github - review and contribute to the codebase through our developer repos. Github for Members - the subsection of the Github repo for organizational activities and community buildingYoutube - subscribe to the youtube channel and watch the Casper Standups and Weekly Debriefs live.Twitter - follow us and stay updated to the latest activities. Tweet questions or connections at us and we will do our best to respond in a timely manner. Telegram - join our Telegram community to ask questions, engage with the team, or just stay updated on news Please send general inquiries to info@rchain.coop ©2018 RChain CooperativeRChain is a cryptocurrency and a blockchain application focussed on scalability. The RChain decentralized applications platform is powered by the Rho Virtual Machine.

Each instance of Rho Virtual Machine executes an independent set of smart contracts on an independent blockchain. This means that RChain is uses sharding by default, resulting in a network of coordinated and parallel blockchains. 
The RChain blockchains is using a Proof-of-stake consensus protocol.
Rholang is the language that is used for writing smart contracts on RChain. Rholang stands for reflective higher-order language.
Official Website
Development Roadmap
Coincentral: What is RChain?



.I Dogecoin Dogecoin is a decentralized, peer-to-peer digital currency that enables you to easily send money online. Think of it as "the internet currency.""Doge" is our fun, friendly mascot! The Shiba Inu is a Japanese breed of dog that was popularized as an online meme and it represents Dogecoin.Dogecoin sets itself apart from other digital currencies with an amazing, vibrant community made up of friendly folks just like you.Setting up a Dogecoin wallet is as easy as 1, 2, 3. Seriously! Check out our Getting Started guide below.Once you're done, join in on the fun as part of our growing community!  We're a helpful bunch of people and we'll answer any questions that you throw at us!Dogecoin (DOGE, symbol: Ð and D), is a Litecoin-derived cryptocurrency featuring a Shiba Inu from the Doge Internet meme on its logo.[1]
The users themselves call it “joky”. One of the most popular uses of Dogecoin is the reward of Internet users for interesting and quality content created or shared by them.  It was introduced on December 8, 2013.[2]
Compared to other cryptocurrencies, Dogecoin has a fast initial coin production schedule: there will be approximately 100 billion coins in circulation by the end of 2014 with an additional 5.2 billion coins every year thereafter. 
As of 3/30/2014, over 65 billion Dogecoins have been mined.[3]
While there are currently few commercial applications for Dogecoin, the currency is gaining traction as an Internet tipping system, in which social media users grant Dogecoin tips to other users for providing interesting or noteworthy content.[4]
Many members of the Dogecoin community, as well as members of other cryptocurrency communities, use the phrase "To the moon!" to describe the overall sentiment of the coin's rising value.[5]
Like in Bitcoin and Litecoin, in Dogecoin the public key cryptography is used, where a user generates a pair of cryptographic keys: a public one and a closed one. Only a closed key can decode the information encrypted with a public key; this is why the keys’ owner can freely publish the public key without worrying about the encrypted data.
The mining of Dogecoin differs from Litecoin in several parameters. A new block in the Dogecoin chain is created in 1 minute unlike 2.5 minutes for Litecoin. Today, the mining complexity is reappointed once per block and the reward for miners is fixed. However, from the very beginning the complexity was changed once per four hours and the reward was a random number between 0 and maximum determined by the block parameters.
In course of time the approach to the emission of coins has been changed as well. First, they wanted to limit it to 100 billion Dogecoin but then the issue of new coins became non-limited. 
Dogecoin was created by programmer Billy Markus from Portland, Oregon, who hoped to create a fun cryptocurrency that could reach a broader demographic than bitcoin. In addition, he wanted to distance it from the controversial history of other coins, mainly bitcoins.[6] At the same time, Jackson Palmer, a member of Adobe Systems' marketing department in Sydney, Australia, was encouraged on Twitter by a student at Front Range Community College to make the idea a reality.[7]
After receiving several mentions on Twitter, Palmer purchased the domain dogecoin.com and added a splash screen, which featured the coin's logo and scattered Comic Sans text. Markus saw the site linked in an IRC chat room, and started efforts to create the currency after reaching out to Palmer. Markus based Dogecoin on the existing cryptocurrency, Luckycoin, which features a randomized reward that is received for mining a block, although this behavior was later changed to a static block reward in March 2014. In turn, Luckycoin is based on Litecoin, which also uses Scrypt technology in its proof-of-work algorithm. The use of scrypt means that miners cannot use SHA-256 bitcoin mining equipment, and that dedicated FPGA and ASIC devices used for mining are complicated to create. Dogecoin was officially launched on December 6, 2013. The Dogecoin network was originally intended to produce 100 billion Dogecoins, but later, it was announced that the Dogecoin network would produce infinite Dogecoins.[8]
On December 19, 2013, Dogecoin jumped nearly 300 percent in value in 72 hours, rising from US $0.00026 to $0.00095, with a volume of billions of Dogecoins per day. This growth occurred during a time when bitcoin and many other cryptocurrencies were reeling from China's decision to forbid Chinese banks from investing Chinese Yuan into the bitcoin economy. Three days later, Dogecoin experienced its first major crash by dropping by 80% due to large mining pools seizing opportunity in exploiting the very little computing power required at the time to mine the coin.[9]
On December 24, 2013, The Reserve Bank of India cautioned users of Dogecoin and other cryptocurrencies on the risks associated with them. On December 25, 2013, the first major theft attempt of Dogecoin occurred when millions of coins were stolen during a hacking attempt on the online cryptocurrency wallet platform Dogewallet. The hacker gained access to the platform's filesystem and modified its send/receive page to send any and all coins to a static address. This incident spiked Tweets about Dogecoin making it the most mentioned altcoin on Twitter. To help those who lost funds on Dogewallet after its breach, the Dogecoin community started an initiative named "SaveDogemas" to help donate coins to those who lost them. Approximately one month later, enough money was donated to cover all of the coins that were lost. By January 2014, the trading volume of Dogecoin briefly surpassed that of bitcoin and all other crypto-currencies combined, Dogecoin has a market capitalization of USD 13.5 million.[10] April 2015 Jackson Palmer announced he is taking an "extended leave of absence" from the cryptocurrency community.
The Dogecoin community and foundation have encouraged fundraising for charities and other notable causes. On January 19, 2014, a fundraiser was established by the Dogecoin community to raise $50,000 for the Jamaican Bobsled Team, which had qualified for, but could not afford to go to, the Sochi Winter Olympics. By the second day, $36,000 worth of Dogecoin was donated and the Dogecoin to bitcoin exchange rate rose by 50%. The Dogecoin community also raised funds for a second Sochi athlete Shiva Keshavan.[11]
Inspired by the Winter Olympics fundraiser and smaller charity fundraising successes, the Dogecoin Foundation, led by Eric Nakagawa, began collecting donations to build a well in the Tana river basin in Kenya in cooperation with Charity: Water. They set out to raise a total of 40,000,000 ($30,000 at the time) Dogecoin before World Water Day (March 22). The campaign succeeded, collecting donations from more than 4,000 donors, including one anonymous benefactor who donated 14,000,000 Dogecoin (approx. $11,000).
On March 25, 2014, the Dogecoin community successfully raised 67.8 million Dogecoins (around $55,000 at the time) in an effort to sponsor NASCAR driver John Wise. Wise ran with a Dogecoin/Reddit-sponsored paint scheme at the Aaron's 499 at Talladega Superspeedway  On May 4, 2014, Wise and his car were featured for nearly a minute, during which the race commentators discussed Dogecoin and the crowdfunding effort, while finishing twentieth and narrowly avoiding multiple wrecks. On May 16, 2014, Wise won a spot at the Sprint All-Star Race through an online fan vote beating household name Danica Patrick, largely due to the efforts of the Dogecoin Reddit community. He finished the race in fifteenth, the last car running. The following race in the Coca-Cola 600, Wise debuted a Dogecoin/Reddit.com helmet. Wise later announced he would run the car again at the Toyota/Save Mart 350 as a thank-you gift to the community and the GEICO 500. He finished twenty-eighth in the race due in part to a refueling issue; he was in twelfth place after a gas-and-go pit stop, but the gas can did not engage long enough, resulting in a second pit stop that took him towards the back of the pack. The developer of the NASCAR '14 video game announced that they are looking into adding the Dogecoin car as a drivable car in an upcoming DLC.[12]
Several online exchanges offer DOGE/BTC and DOGE/LTC trading. Three exchanges, Mengmengbi, Bter and BTC38, offer DOGE/CNY trading. On January 8, 2014, AltQuick.co was the first exchange to launch DOGE/USD exchange. On January 30, 2014, Canada-based exchange Vault of Satoshi also announced DOGE/USD and DOGE/CAD trading. On February 2014, Hong Kong-based exchange Asia Nexgen announced that they would support the trading of Dogecoins in all major currencies. China-based exchange BTC38 also added their support on the Dogecoin exchange, boosting the market capitalization over 24 hours. In the first day of trading, Dogecoin was the second-most traded currency on the platform, after BTC.
On September 2014, UK-based exchange Yacuna began offering DOGE/EUR and DOGE/GBP trading.
On January 31, 2014, trading volume across the major exchanges was valued at $1.05 million USD. The market cap was US $60 million. Three exchanges accounted for the majority of volume: Bter (60%), Cryptsy (23%), and Vircurex (10%). The most traded currency pairs were DOGE/BTC (50%), DOGE/CNY (44%) and DOGE/LTC (6%).
Trading physical, tangible items in exchange for DOGE takes place on online communities such as Reddit and Twitter, where users frequently share currency-related information. On December 23, 2013, Tristan Winters of the online journal Bitcoin Magazine discussed what was needed for Dogecoin to replace bitcoin.[13]
The first Dogecoin ATM was demoed at Coinfest in Vancouver in February 2014. Two bitcoin ATMs supporting Dogecoins and other altcoins opened in Tijuana, Mexico on March 17, 2014.
Dogecoin has also been used to try to sell a house, and has been used in the pornography and poker industries.
Weather forecasting mobile app, web application, and website Doge Weathers creators Katia Eirin and Bennett Wong request tips in Dogecoin to maintain their website.
Dogetipbot was a cryptocurrency transaction service used on popular sites like Reddit and Twitch.tv. It allowed users to send Dogecoins to other users through commands via Reddit comments; support for Twitch.tv and Twitter had been discontinued earlier. The service was launched in 2013 on Reddit. The trademark "dogetipbot" was officially registered on August 19, 2014. In November 2014, the developer team behind dogetipbot raised $445,000 in venture capital funding. In May 2017 Dogetipbot was discontinued and taken offline after its creator declared bankruptcy; this left many Dogetipbot users losing their coins stored in the Dogetipbot system.
Over the years, many different tipping services have been created.
Dogecoin's implementation differs from Litecoin by several parameters. Dogecoin's block time is 1 minute as opposed to Litecoin's 2.5 minutes. The difficulty retarget time is once per block and the reward is fixed based on the block schedule listed below. However, when Dogecoin was first introduced, the difficulty retargeting was once every four hours, and the reward was a random number between 0 and a maximum defined by the block schedule. Under the system in which a random number of coins were distributed, rewards were calculated using a Mersenne Twister pseudo-random number generator. While the original implementation of Dogecoin meant for there to be a fixed number of coins per block from block 600,001 onwards only (providing 10,000 coins per block), the algorithms in Dogecoin were changed beginning from the 145,000th block so that a fixed reward was always given (providing 250,000 coins per block until block 200,001).
On March 12, 2014, version 1.6 of the Dogecoin client was announced. Along with allowing for there to be a fixed reward per block, the new client update also introduced a new difficulty algorithm called DigiShield. The main goal of the new difficulty algorithm, adopted from DigiByte, was to prevent multipools from being able to mine (and thereby profit) off the coin, reducing the price of the coin drastically, along with forcing single-coin miners to deal with the rise in difficulty the pools left in their wake. Thanks to the algorithm's near-instant change in difficulty, any multipool entering the Dogecoin network will immediately leave, as the difficulty of mining will spike upwards severely, causing a drop in profitability and, ultimately, an absence of multipools.
Several cases of using employer or university computers to mine Dogecoin have been discovered.
Unlike deflationary cryptocurrencies (like Bitcoin), there is no limit to how many Dogecoins can be produced. This puts Dogecoin in the same league as other inflationary coins. According to the current production schedule, approximately 98 billion coins have been released by February 2015, with block 600,000 mined on February 25. Thereafter, approximately 5.256 billion more coins will be produced per year, in perpetuity. This represents an inflation rate of 5.256% (in 2015), that will decay over time due to new coins being introduced into the economy (e.g. in 2025 yearly inflation rate will be 3.4%, in 2035 2.5%, etc...).
During December 2013 and January 2014, Dogecoin's developers discussed in public forums whether the inflation rate should be changedand, on February 2, 2014, Dogecoin founder Jackson Palmer announced that the supply of coins would remain uncapped,  resulting in constant reduction of its inflation rate over a long time.



.I Bitcoin Private private, decentralized, fast, open source, community-driven coinBitcoin Private uses the same privacy technology as ZClassic (zk-snarks). This means payments are published on a public blockchain, but the sender, recipient and other transactional metadata remain unidentifiable.Just like Bitcoin, Bitcoin Private supports peer-to-peer transactions without an intermediary. These transactions are verified by network nodes through the use of cryptography and recorded in a public ledger.Unlike Bitcoin, Bitcoin Private supports a slightly increased block size while being more anonymous and secure than any existing Bitcoin-based currency without sacrificing transaction speeds.Bitcoin Private's entire codebase is publicly available for viewing and verification by anyone. It will always remain open source and be maintained by an ever growing community.In the nature of transparency and open source, Bitcoin Private is developed by team members all over the world. Each member fills roles and contributes based on his or her skill sets.There was no premine, and there is no founder's reward. Bitcoin Private has been released in a fair manner to all. Coins were distributed on a 1:1 basis to BTC and ZCL holders.
    
First pull request made, Dec 24

    
Replay Protection, Jan 5

    
BTC UTXO integration, Jan 7

    
Eleos wallet, Jan 8

    
Release of Electrum Wallet, Jan 27

    
First fork simulation and testnet, Jan 28

    
Replay Protection Upgraded, Feb 18

    
Full Node Desktop Wallet, Feb 20

    
BIP9, Feb 23

    
Second Testnet, Feb 23

    
Partial SegWit Support, Feb 25

    
Final Testnet, Feb 26

    
Snapshot of BTC and ZCL, Feb 28

    
Fork-merge and Mainnet Launch, March 2-3

    
First BTCP Trezor txn, March 9

    
First BTCP Ledger Nano S txn, March 16

    
Enable SegWit coin claiming, April 11

    
Ledger Nano S support, April 16

    
Electrum release for Ledger Nano S, April 19

    
Trezor code merged, April 23

    
Closed Beta Merchant Platform Release

    
BTCP Rebase Begins [MAJOR]

    
Open Beta Merchant Platform Release

    
BTCP Google Chrome extension

    
Seed tor nodes

    
One-click miner

    
Translated wallets

    
Merchant Platform Phase 2

    
Finish rebasing of BTCP - release new core node

    
Initiate soft fork for full SegWit support

    
Lightning Network Initiated

    
Shielded Electrum Wallet

    
Embedded Tor / Tor by default

    
Tor Wallet

    
Merchant Platform Phase 2 & 3

    
Dandelion privacy protocol

    
Default Privacy

    
Merchant Platform Phase 3 & 4

    
Upgraded Wallet UI/UX

    
Evaluate alternate proofs of work

    
BTCP DEx

    
Incorporate new Jubjub / Sapling enhancements

    
Shielded Transactions become default

    
Evaluate making shielded transactions mandatory
A hard fork is when a single cryptocurrency splits in two. It occurs when a cryptocurrency’s existing code is changed, resulting in both an old and new version. This case is somewhat unique, whereby ZCL and BTC were co-forked into Bitcoin Private (BTCP).Snapshot date: February 28th, 2018.  Snapshot blocks: 511346 for BTC and 272991 for ZCL. Mainnet Launch:  March 3rd 2018.When the hard fork occured, a snapshot of all existing ZCL and BTC holdings occured. Anyone holding ZCL or BTC in a wallet or supported exchange has been credited Bitcoin Private (BTCP) at a 1:1 ratio. For example, if you held 15.4 ZCL and 0.1 BTC, you receive 15.5 BTCP.Over 70 total contributors, with over 20 engineers having joined our initiative in just 30 days time!Reach out to us to join :-)Bitcoin Private is a community-driven BTC/ZCL fork consisting of over 150 talented contributors currently. We are fully transparent to the community and often allow them to make decisions regarding the fork and the future of Bitcoin Private.Currently, TradeSatoshi.com,
					Nanex,
					Octaex,
					Exrates,
					BarterDEX,
Sistemkoin and
					HitBTC
					list Bitcoin Private.Yes, Bitcoin Private has two-way replay protection.See the issues posted on github that we need resolved for BTCP.ZClassic will still exist. Read more about The future of Zclassic.This is the official BTCP mining pool, built and ran by BTCP developers: The program is a cornerstone of the Bitcoin Private community and serves to raise global BTCP awareness through social media, organized meetups, and peer to peer advocacy.Below is the current trading price of Bitcoin Private and its market cap.The easiest way to view the latest blocks and transactions!To reach out to the primary coordinators of the team for any inquiries related to press, please contact us at [email protected].You can download a zip file containing Bitcoin Private's branding assets here.You can view a directory of official Bitcoin Private links here.Bitcoin Private (BTCP) is a cryptocurrency with the optional ability to keep the sender, receiver, and amount private in a given transaction. This is in contrast to many cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, which have a fully transparent transaction history.
Bitcoin Private gives users the option to generate either public or private addresses, redeemable for transactions to either address type. Bitcoin Private uses the mining algorithm Equihash, similarly to Zclassic and Zcash. Also similar to the formerly mentioned, at its core Bitcoin Private is a privacy oriented cryptocurrency, built around the privacy protocol zk-SNARKs, a zero-knowledge proofs method highly regarded for its security. Additionally Bitcoin Private focuses heavily on being a community project, so much so as deriving its name from a Twitter poll, and eventually attracting hundreds of community members to help on the project. Bitcoin Private is a merge fork of Bitcoin and Zclassic.
Bitcoin Private was allocated to existing holders of Bitcoin and Zclassic on a 1:1 basis.[1]
Bitcoin Private co-founder Rhett Creigthon was removed from Bitcoin Private after announcing another fork regarding Bitcoin Prime.[2] He was criticized for that move by cryptocurrency opinion-leader, youtuber and dogecoin founder Jackson Palmer on Twitter. 
Official website
Official Pool
Block Explorer
BitcoinTalk
Github
Wallets
Paper Wallet
Support
Whitepaper
CoinMarketCap
LiveCoinWatch
WorldCoinIndex



.I Golem Golem enables users and applications (requestors) to rent out cycles of other users’ (providers) machines. Any user ranging from a single PC owner to a large data center can share resources through Golem and get paid in  GNT (Golem Network Tokens) by requestors.Golem utilizes an Ethereum-based transaction system to settle payments between providers, requestors and software developers. All computations take place in sandbox environments and are fully isolated from the hosts’ systems.Software developers are in the center of Golem’s ecosystem: Our Application Registry and Transaction Framework enable anyone to deploy, distribute and monetize applications in the Golem network.Future releases of Golem will bring major improvements to the protocol in terms of its flexibility and robustness. In order to expand the user base we are already in the process of integrating a variety of new use cases to Golem in cooperation with our business and technological partners.Together with the development of Golem’s core infrastructure, our focus is going to shift towards creating tools for developers and software companies. These solutions will make Golem a competitive source of computing power and a viable alternative to existing cloud providers.The first release of our our software, Brass Golem, focuses on a single use case: CGI rendering. As a Requestor in the Golem marketplace, you can distribute processing of any Blender and LuxRenderer scene over the Golem Network.The results will arrive much faster than when running the task on your own machine at the price defined by you and accepted by suppliers of computing power (Providers). This creates a healthy competition in the marketplace created by Golem and you always know how much you are going to pay before submitting a task. Joining Golem is as easy as installing the app. What is more, Requestors can further offset the cost of computations by becoming Providers themselves, when they are not working on their own projects.Apart from the first use case (CGI rendering), we are actively investigating next use cases, with significantly larger addressable market sizes.One of the future use cases of Golem that we are actively investigating is training machine learning models. This field of computer science is going through its golden age and it has insatiable need for computing power. While right now we’re building simple proof of concept demonstrations, our ultimate goal is to be able to provide developers with a set of tools to enable them to host their machine learning stack on Golem. We believe that democratizing access to computing power at competitive price point is very important to the progress of machine learning field.Golem is a blockchain platform with the objective to create a market for unused computer power. It aims to become an open source on-demand decentralized supercomputer network.

Golem (GNT) is using personal computer to offer services that are currently done today by servers. The ICO started in November 2016. Users who share their computing power with the Golem network will be rewarded in Golem Network Tokens (GNT).
Golem's aim is to use any personal computer to do jobs that are done today by servers, computing farms or supercomputers. Golem's features include a P2P network, a trading system, task definition and computation and reputation system.
With Golem, anyone will be able to rent their unused computing resources. Simultaneously, Golem will enable any user to buy computing time from other users to complete computationally demanding task. Golem wants to create a global market for idle computing power. Golem uses Ethereum and smart contracts for transactions.
Twitter
Slack
Blog
Project website
https://golem.network/doc/Golemwhitepaper.pdf
https://tokenmarket.net/blockchain/ethereum/assets/golem/
The Merkle: What is Golem?



.I IOStoken The Internet of Services  (IOS) offers a  secure & scalable infrastructure for online service providers. Its high TPS, scalable and secure blockchain, and privacy protection provide infinite possibilities for online service providers to serve their customer base.





Our innovative Efficient Distributed Sharding (EDS) technology vastly improves scalability by dynamically partitioning the IOS network into subspaces via a secured, bias-free stochastic process.Perfect partitioning state for multiple groups handled in parallelFast grade commit protocol to enforce consistency among cross-shard transactionsBias Resistant Distributed RandomnessAn innovative, effective and secure way to introduce unbiased randomness into the IOS networkWe designed the Proof-of-Believability mechanism to eliminate the need for an energy-hungry proof-of-work protocol, which stands as a barrier to blockchain scaling up for widespread adoption. Believability of a node is calculated based on contribution and behaviors; Meanwhile fairness is ensured with algorithmic randomness.            


Contribution



Stake



Review



Behavior


ContributionStakeReviewBehaviorWe believe the IOS blockchain is a comprehensive ecosystem for businesses to incubate their big ideas. We have created a handful of tools to help them realize their dreams:Data storage services are the backbone of any ecosystem. With HUDS, the IOS ecosystem provides a decentralized secured, searchable, efficient and economical way to store informationdApps and smart contracts are the centerpieces of the IOS ecosystem. In the IOS blockchain, developers can not only enjoy the stability and high concurrency brought by the IOS virtual machine, but also the ability to develop in several major programming languagesUsers will have opportunities to provide feedback upon completion of the service. FTFS is designed to ensure all feedback is trustworthy.Want to write about IOST? Press inquiries© Internet of Services Foundations Ltd, 2018IOStoken is a cryptocurrency that is focused on the internet of services. 


IOStoken is using the sharding technique and consensus mechanism. It is designed to be a native token for the Internet of Services. The consensus mechanism of IOSToken is based on Proof-of-Believability. Hence there is no mining taking place. 
The IOS platform aims to provide its users with a completely decentralized way to exchange online services and digital goods. On top it enables developers to deploy decentralized applications on top of it. 
IOStoken is currently listed on the following exchanges: Binance, OKEx, Bitfinex and Kucoin.
Cryptocurrency list
Token
Official Website
Official Whitepaper
The Merkle: What is IOSToken?
Coinswitch: What is IOSToken (IOST)?



.I Status Safely store your ETH and other Ethereum crypto-assets.Explore the next generation of apps, with the next generation of Browser.Discover nearby Status users to exchange goods and services.With Status your mobile device becomes a light client node on the Ethereum Network, enabling you to access Ethereum’s entire ecosystem from anywhere.Declare digital independence. uPort is a self-sovereign identity system.Crowd sourced wisdom. Make complex predictions on the go with an easy to use prediction market.Enjoy a near-instant decentralized digital asset exchange between ETH and ERC20 tokens.The decentralized jobs marketplace. Hire or work for cryptocurrency, with no fees.Create unstoppable companies and organizations, and value without borders.A decentralized insurance platform. Buy a policy on the go, and be paid claims automatically.Ujo is a home for artists. Create and control your creative content, and share it with the world.Status is an open source platform, and anyone can list their DApp.Find DApps and other Status users through the Discover feature. Exchange currency, services, and ideas - helping to grow the movement for decentralization.Offering SGD to ETH exchange services locally in Singapore.Transparent skill-based games where players compete for high scores.Trading REP for ETH. Smart contracts only. Reputable Trader.A censorship-resistent decentralized microblogging tool.Status is more than a messenger. Send payments and smart contracts to friends from within chats, and enjoy encrypted messaging by default, using a peer-to-peer protocol that doesn’t rely on centralized servers.Status is built together with its users. We’re completely open source and anyone is free to contribute. Together, we're shaping the future of Status, and creating a new type of network governed by its own users.We're working hard to make Status available to everyone. Join our community today to try the alpha release, and be a part of the transition to a more open internet.Status is a cryptocurrency and an open source messaging platform and mobile interface to interact with decentralized applications that run on the Ethereum blockchain.

Status is a browser, messenger, and gateway to a decentralised world. Status is an open source messaging platform and web 3.0 browser, designed to interact with Ethereum dapps. Built using decentralized technologies, Status targets the emerging decentralized web. In an ecosystem of decentralized applications, Status wants to act as a gateway for peer-to-peer payments, and encrypted p2p communication for anyone with a smartphone and internet access.
The Status ICO started in June 2017.
Status is a free and open source mobile client targeting Android & iOS devices. It is built entirely on Ethereum technologies. With Status users should be able to send and receive encrypted messages, engage in smart contracts, and payments. On top users will be able to store and control crypto-assets with the built-in Status Wallet.
Twitter
Slack
Facebook
Blog
Project website
https://status.im/whitepaper.pdf
Status Wiki
https://tokenmarket.net/blockchain/ethereum/assets/status/



.I DigixDAO Purchase Gold quickly and efficiently.
99.99% Gold from LBMA approved Refiners. 0% Fractional Reserves.Every asset represents a unique bullion bar sitting in designated custodial vaults. The provenance of the Gold is traceable, immutable and exists indefinitely.Every DGX = 1 Gram of gold.
You can own, save and transact Gold in tokenised form -
keeping secure private ownership of your digital assets.Digix tokenizes gold on Ethereum. We leverage the Distributed Ledger for its immutability, transparency and auditability by applying it to precious physical assets.Digix has created a range of technologies including The Proof of Provenance Protocol (POP) and Digix Gold Tokens (DGX) on Ethereum.It relies on participating users to power the network by confirming transactions utilising a general consensus mechanism.The ‘blocks’ of information are transparently stored chronologically on every computer.Digix has developed a system of proving asset existence and ownership on the distributed ledger.
Every step of the way, records of proof are published permanently using Ethereum and IPFS.Purchase bullion from LBMA refineries with accompanying Assay Certificates from refiners ranging from Valcambi, PAMP Suisse, Nadir BullionAn established auditor, Inspectorate Bureau Veritas, provides quarterly audits of every single Gold asset in our Safe House vaults.
Established since 1828, they are a world leader in Testing, Inspection and Certification Services.Digix enables customers to take delivery of DGX at our partnering custodial vault.Gold has proven long-term stability; Digix can protect you from the inherent price volatility of real world and digital assets.Never before has allocated bullion been issued right from the point of digital purchase. At Digix, we prioritise our clients’ ownership more than anything else.Securing bullion makes it more difficult to trade and use. Digix provides the means to liquidate your metal and use it in everyday life with the same level of physical security.Thus far, Digix has created two types of Ethereum tokens - each with unique properties.These two tokens complement each other to ensure their joint success.Giving users easy access to many different kinds of digital assets on the blockchain, and particularly tokens that are linked to assets in the real world, is crucial to seeing blockchain adoption reach the next level, and I applaud Digix's initiative in being the first of many such projects to successfully launch.I created a secret phrase that I can write down anywhere and then that can be a real gold storage! Thinking about that makes everything seem awesome!Digix appears to be on track to provide the most comprehensive and customer-oriented digital asset platform around. Initially, they will be offering gold-backed tokens using a powerful Proof Of Provenance Certificate.Digix's robust Proof of Provenance protocol securitises your asset against unallocated bullion concern.
This enables a range of previously impossible value propositions.Join our public Discord chatroom.6 Eu Tong Sen Street, #06-09,Singapore (S)059817[email protected]
+65-6708 9380© 2018 DigixGlobal Pte Ltd 2018DigixDAO is the Digix Decentralized Autonomous Organization, a decentralized group of participants making decisions about how to grow the Digix Global Ecosystem.

DGD token holders will make decisions related to any proposals submitted to DigixDAO. As a reward for voting and decision making in the growth of Digix, DGD holders receive rewards related to DGX, a token that represents 1 gram of gold. 
The tokenization of gold aims to provide stability and store of value in the cryptocurrency space. 
In order to distribute DGX tokens representing 1g of gold, Digix utilizes Proof of Asset (PoA).
The DGX token represents value on the blockchain which will be retained over time. This token is compatible with Ethereum smart contracts. This particular token is advertised as the future gold-standard for value exchange in the Ethereum ecosystem.
Official Website
Coincentral: What is DigixDao?
The Merkle: What is DigixDao?



.I Hshare LOADINGThe New Standard of ValueJune 282017dayshoursminutessecondsThe Hcash platform is designed to be a side chain for both block-based and blockless-based blockchains.Hcash will be a value and information carrier for major blockchains to enable the exchange of value and information between these systems.ETCWin is a digital currency exchange based on the ether square chain (ETC) based digital currency
Allcoin is a digital currency exchange operated by Cascadia Consumer Electronics Corp., which is incorporated in Vancouver, Canada. The company is listed on the Canadian Securities Exchange (Stock Code: CK) since 2013. Allcoin.com development team released first beta service in February 2016. We are exploring the leading technology in the digital currency industry and aiming to expand it by providing a reliable and user-friendly trading platform.ICOoo is a safe, honest and transparent block ICO platform. Five years they have been committed to the block chain industry to provide professional services, adhere to the people-oriented business philosophy to provide investors with all-round, three-dimensional chain of chain projectsWeback100 will constantly optimize the ICO service for cryptocurrency, blockchain experience through its network and technical capability. It provides “7 × 12 hours online customer service”, “7 × 12 hours online technical support” and other intimate and reliable customer services.Leekico shares the belief of asset decentralization and commit to promoting the wave of global start-up cryptocurrency companies. They aim to build an initial coin offering platform with ensured security, integrity, fairness and transparency for both start-up companies and investors. They provide Cryptocurrency and Blockchain start-up companies, which own high return products and share distribution projects, with crowdfunding services, and provide investors with comprehensive cryptocurrency consulting services, pre-ico, and post-ico management service. Founders and investors who are involved in ICO projects will enjoy the most satisfied one-stop service on the Futureico platform.Hcash is a distributed ledger cryptocurrency in both blockchain and blockless based Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) systems.  Here are 7 reasons why Hcash can be revolutionary cryptocurrency.It has a dual sidechain composed of blockchain and DAG systems, designed to implement an unrestricted flow of information and value between blockchain-based and blockless-based distributed systems.Your privacy can be protected. Hcash will adopt Zero Knowledge Proof technology to achieve bi-directional encryption and many other areas demanding transactional privacy. POW+POS Open-Governance Model. Every Hcash holder has the ability to participate in significant community-wide decision-making, including protocol updating and upgrading through a POS mining mechanism. DAO Governance. Holders of Hcash determine the use of funds in a real-time dynamic voting system. Decentralized Autonomous Organization is the driving force behind future advancement and provides the Hcash community with continual vitality. Quantum Resistance. Hcash takes quantum resistance into consideration from the very beginning of system design. Therefore, Hcash still has a natural advantage over other systems at the system level, even after the rise of practical quantum computers. Hcash holders can transfer between public and private addresses through their own wallets or client panel. The transaction or delivery across different systems can be requested for public-addressed or private-addressed coins.  Hcash enables Hcash holders to transfer unlimited times with a limited block size, No matter the speed of transfer or amount of transfer. A new decentralized cryptocurrency platform, which will be the connecting point for all the blockchain system, regardless whether they are block-based or blockless-based blockchain systems, hence allowing value and information being circulated freely between different blockchain system.As compared to Internet Finance, FinTech tends to put more emphasis on how to apply and popularize the latest round of information technology, based on big data, cloud computing, and mobile internet. FinTech also stress the key role it plays in boosting financial efficiency and improving financial services. The very first application of blockchain happened in the field of finance. Hcash, along with its own distinguished features, will have a bright prospect in FinTech.The Internet of things (IoT) is the inter-networking of physical devices, vehicles (also referred to as "connected devices" and "smart devices"), buildings, and other items embedded with electronics, software, sensors, actuators, and network connectivity which enable these objects to collect and exchange data.The Industrial Internet is the integration and linking of big data, analytical tools and wireless networks with physical and industrial equipment, or otherwise applying meta-level networking functions, to distributed systems.Big data is a term for data sets that are so large or complex that traditional data processing application software is inadequate to deal with them. Challenges include capture, storage, analysis, data curation, search, sharing, transfer, visualization, querying, updating and information privacyQ3 2017Overseas registration is successful and starts to operateQ3 2017The DAO code completes the review and starts to operateOct 2017The post-quantum cryptographic function is developedQ4 2017Complete the Hcash beta version of the core code, to achieve cross-platform tokens transferEarly Jan 2018PoW mining function development is completed. Test chain starts to operateEnd Jan 2018PoS mining function development is completed. Main chain starts to operateFeb 2018Start 1:1 exchange for Hcash/Hshare. Destroy all received HshareQ2 2018Complete Hcash beta version. Start to use ZKP-based client encrypted communicationQ3 2018Complete implementation of encrypted communication between Hcash client and ByteballQ3 2018Completely destroy HshareQ4 2018 onwardsContinue to access the block-based infrastructure platform Iterative improvement + new function development and the establishment of ecological systemChief Executive OfficerDallas Brooks is a qualified, highly sought after expert in financial and investment strategy. He understands the structure of the commercial world and is ambitious to revolutionise the industry. Dallas has been exploring the best crypto currencies to achieve information and value communication within different decentralized ledger systems for years to solve real world problems. He is also the host of a television show called “Dollars with Sense”, educating people about current financial and legal matters. Indeed, his entrepreneurship and vision will lead Hcash to another level.Chief Technology OfficerKhal Achkar has a deep understanding of information systems, the infrastructure components necessary to support their impleme ntation and operation, the relationships existing into their embodied components, and the principles governing their design and evolution. He has more than 18 years of experience in Business architecture, Data architecture, Application architecture and Technology architecture required to support the deployment and continuous operation of information systems. He is passionate about block chain and Cryptocurrency technology and is looking forward to add value in this space.Business Development ManagerAndrew has been passionately involved in the blockchain industry since its inception, has supported a number of projects and enjoys educating new comers to the industry. With a Masters of Applied Science and an extensive background in strategic roles within the insurance and superannuation industries, he is excited about the real world application the technology has to offer. Andrew believes it will transform the world and his knowledge will help the ecosystem move forward.Computer Science Professor from Shanghai Jiao Tong UniversityDawu is now in charge of the cryptography and information security research team and serves as the director of Lab of Cryptology and Computer Security (SJTU & WNT Blockchain Lab). His research interests include cryptography, software security, hardware and embedded security, big data, cloud security with privacy, and financial security techniques.Managing Director of Collinstar CapitalOver 7 years’ experience in fintech. Investor in bitcoin mining and other related projects. Initiatives include the Melbourne Bitcoin Technology Centre , Bitcoin Boulevard Australia and Bitcoin Buskers Awarded “Blockchain opinion leader” in 2016.Expert of Cyber SecurityDr. Joseph Liu is an expert of cyber security and applying cryptographic technologies into world systems. He is well-known as “God Father of Monero” because of his remarkable researches in Ring Signature, which is the theory basis of Monero (XMR) since 2011. His current technical focus is cyber security in the cloud computing paradigm, smart city, lightweight security, and privacy enhanced technology. He has published more than 80 refereed journal articles and conference papers and received the Best Paper Award from ESORICS 2014.Macquarie UniversityDr.Gavin Brennen received his PhD from University of New Mexico, United States (2001), and is nowwith the Department of Physics and Astronomy at Macquarie University. He is director of the Macquarie Centre for Quantum Science and Technology (QSciTech) and also a chief investigator in the ARC Centre for Excellence in Engineered Quantum Systems (EQuS). He leads a theory research group on many body quantum information, and quantum computation and simulation, working under the guiding principle that nature is a wondrous place and an unfinished product.CNRS & National University of SingaporeDr.Miklos Santha received his PhD from Université Paris-Diderot, France (1983), and is now a Senior Research Director at the Centre National de la RechercheScientifique in the Université Paris Diderot and a Principal Investigator at the Centre for Quantum Technologies at the National University of Singapore since 2008. He is an expertof classical and quantum algorithms and complexity.Nanyang Technological UniversityDr. Troy Lee received his PhD from the University of Amsterdam, Netherlands (2006), and is now an Associate Professor at Nanyang Technological University and a Principal Investigator at the Centre for Quantum Technologies. He has made important contributions to the areas of quantum algorithms and communication complexity.  In 2013, Dr. Lee was awarded a prestigious Singapore National Research Foundation Fellowship.University of Technology SydneyDr. Marco Tomamichel received his PhD from ETH Zurich, Switzerland (2012), and is now a Senior Lecturer at the Centre for Quantum Software and Information with the University of Technology Sydney. His research interests lie at the intersection of quantum mechanics, information theory and cryptography. In 2015, Dr. Tomamichel won a Discovery Early Career Researcher Award to research how information can be processed with small quantum devices.SJTU Established in 1896 as Nanyang Public School by an imperial edict issued by the Guangxu Emperor, the university is one of the first national institutions of higher learning in China, and renowned as one of the oldest, most prestigious and selective universities in China. It is one of the nine members in the C9 League of universities.The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (PolyU) is a public university located in Hung Hom, Hong Kong. The history of PolyU can be traced back to 1937, and it assumed full university status in 1994. It is one of the funded institutions of the territory's University Grants Committee (UGC).Monash is a member of Australia’s Group of Eight, a coalition of Australia’s eight leading research Universities,[6] a member of the ASAIHL, and is the only Australian member of the influential M8 Alliance of Academic Health Centers, Universities and National Academies. Monash is one of two Australian universities to be ranked in the École des Mines de Paris (Mines ParisTech) ranking on the basis of the number of alumni listed among CEOs in the 500 largest worldwide companies.122018MarThe following is a brief report from developers and contributors working on the public testnet (RC1). The document itself is comprised of current issues being solved, subsequent steps once those issues have been resolved, and details of previous completed issues. Hcash would like to thank all invested developers and co...122018MarIn order to increase security and stability of the Main Chain, rigorous RC1 load testing must be conducted. To achieve this, we need to simulate a load on the network. This load is important, as it will expose any instabilities or flaws in the system, so they can be reviewed and updated. The following is a detailed exp...122018MarIn order to increase security and stability of the Main Chain, rigorous RC1 load testing must be conducted. To achieve this, we need to simulate a load on the network. This load is important, as it will expose any instabilities or flaws in the system, so they can be reviewed and updated. The following is a detailed exp...Hshare is a blockchain platform with the objective to allow value transfer among blockchains.

Hshare has the objective to overcome exchanges when transferring value among blockchains. The Hshare networks will offer addresses that are interoperable with other common cryptocurrencies, allowing users to send and receive various currencies in one single Hcash wallet. The Hcash team is based in China and Australia.[1]
Hshare is the pre-launch value token that will be converted to Hcash at a 1:1 ratio at a later time. Both tokens have the same value, but it is unknown when the conversion will occur. Hcash is designed to act as a sidechain for blockchain currencies.[2] Holders of Hcash determine the use of funds via a voting system. Hcash takes quantum resistance into consideration from the very beginning of system design.
Project website



.I Aion This is the internet, decentralized.Network error. Refresh the page or try again later.Build on an ecosystem that will enable you to scale and interoperate between disparate blockchains.Our APIs, Virtual Machine, and future bridge designs enable developers to build robust dApps seamlessly, migrate them from other blockchain ecosystems, and eventually enable cross-chain applications. Early implementations of the Ethereum bridge enables the transfer of assets and value from the Ethereum network, initializing the first cross-chain decentralized applications.We are always improving our code base to scale the technology while making it more secure and robust. You can contribute to: Consensus Algorithm, Aion Virtual Machine, and Aion Bridge plus more, all on our GitHub.Aion is in development. Get involved with Aion today by testing out the network, providing feedback and submitting issues on our GitHub.Future milestones on the Aion roadmap are in different stages of research and development. If you have relevant experience, we are always open to new technical input and encourage you to connect with us.As the Aion ecosystem grows, you can contribute new tools and frameworks for developers and community members.Become an Aion Ambassador. Help grow Aion in your community by hosting events and engaging with local Blockchain developers and enthusiasts.This is the internet, decentralized.- Aion FoundationAion is a multi-tier blockchain network designed for interoperability among blockchains. AION tokens are used to create new blockchains, monetize inter-chain bridges, and secure the overall network.
Aion assumes a future in which many blockchains coexist. In order to facilitate communication between blockchain Aion proposes the development of a networked, federated blockchain to integrate separate blockchains. 
At the root of the Aion network is a purpose-built, public, third-generation blockchain called Aion-1. Aion-1 is designed to connect other blockchains and manage its own robust applications, Aion-1 also provides the economic system that incentivizes interoperability in the ecosystem.
Official Website
Github
Executive Summary



.I DigiByte After 4 years of consistent, committed development, rapid community growth and new use cases, the DigiByte Blockchain has become the world's longest, fastest and most secure UTXO blockchain in existence. By putting security first, our decisions help make sure that transactions, mining and the blockchain distribution are as decentralized as possible.DigiByte blocks occur on the network every 15 seconds making DigiByte the fastest UTXO blockchain in the world today. DGB is 40x faster than Bitcoin.Over the past 4 years, DigiByte has repeatedly set itself apart with multiple blockchain firsts, such as SegWit, MultiAlgo mining and DigiShield.DigiByte is a public, rapidly growing and highly decentralized blockchain. DigiBytes are digital assets that cannot be destroyed, counterfeited or hacked, making them ideal for protecting objects of value like currency, information, property or important digital data.DigiBytes can be sent over the DigiByte Blockchain and forever recorded on an immutable public ledger that is decentralized on thousands of computers across the planet.Blockchain technology is fast approaching mass adoption, so don't miss out on the future of distributed digital assets like DigiByte.Through the use of wallet technology, we have made it easy for you to securely store and manage your DigiBytes without the need for a trusted third-party. You have 100% control over your own DigiBytes.Start trading DigiBytes for goods and services through an increasing number of merchants and innovative applications.Positive support from our community is the heart and soul of DigiByte. There are several ways to be part of our rapidly growing community.DigiByte (Code: DGB) is an open-source cryptocurrency running on the DigiByte Blockchain, a decentralised international blockchain created in 2013. The DigiByte coin was developed in 2013 and released in January 2014.[1] Although based on Bitcoin, adjustments in the code allow for improved functionality, including 15-second block time and improved security. As of December 2017 DigiByte has a total market cap of over US $135 million.[2] It is the longest public blockchain in existence.

DigiByte was created by programmer and entrepreneur Jared Tate with the goal of creating a fast and secure cryptocurrency that could reach a wider and more decentralised community than Bitcoin.[3] The first Digibyte block was mined on January 10, 2014, and included the headline from USA Today: “Target: Data stolen from up to 110M customers," hashed into the Genesis block to mark the importance of security in digital transactions. Also included was a premine to pay developers and early adopters.
DigiByte pioneered asymmetrical difficulty adjustment mining with DigiShield, which is a widely used technology and the basis of many other blockchains. It is also the first to blockchain to fork from a single proof-of-work algorithm to multi-algorithm mining, however not the first cryptocurrency to use multi-algorithm (Huntercoin).
In April 2017 DigiByte became the second major cryptocurrency blockchain (following Groestlcoin) to implement Segregated Witness (SegWit) via the DigiSync soft fork. The technical milestone laid the foundation for implementation of the Lightning Network and cross chain transactions and atomic swaps.
Activated in February 2014 this hard fork allowed for the DigiByte blockchain to protect against multi-pools that mine large numbers of DigiByte at a low difficulty. It achieves this by recalculating block difficulty between each block, allowing for a faster correction when a multi-pool begins or ceases contributing to DigiByte, rather than recalculating once every fortnight as is the case with Bitcoin. Since then DigiShield has been added into over 25 other cryptocurrency blockchains such as Dogecoin, Startcoin, Zcash, AuroraCoin, BitcoinGold,   BitTokens, CasinoCoin, CreativeCoin, Granite, Huncoin, Monacoin, Mooncoin, Nautiluscoin, Quatloo, SakuraCoin, Scorecoin, SmartCoin, StartCoin, SuperiorCoin, And Ubiq, with the help of the DigiByte team.[4]
Activated in September 2014 from Myriadcoin source code, this hard fork allowed for multi-algorithm mining. Its purpose was to create a number of different proof of work (PoW) mining methods to accommodate the different types of mining capabilities that exist, such as dedicated ASIC mining, GPU and CPU mining.  This allows for a larger number of people to access DigiByte mining pools and therefore it creates a more decentralised blockchain with the coins reaching groups who were unable to mine the coin on its original single-algorithm (Scrypt) fork.[5]
Activated in December 2014, this hard fork worked to activate DigiShield across the new MultiAlgo platform and accomplish the same goals on all five mining pools.
Activated in December 2015 this was a hard fork that focused on making the DigiByte coin transaction speeds faster.  Block time was reduced by 50% to 15 seconds and new block propagation code was added with the help of Microsoft.
DigiByte opened with a block time of 15 seconds and handling up to 560 transactions per second. Every 2 years the DigiByte blockchain's dynamic system doubles the number of transactions per second by doubling the block size. In 2017, capability reaches 560 transactions per second, with a maximum capability of 280,000 transactions per second to be reached in 2035.[1]
As of June 2017 there are over 8 billion DigiByte coins and the maximum number of coins is 21 billion, set to be reached 21 years after creation in 2035. The number of coins is a deliberate ratio of 1:1000 to Bitcoin.
DigiByte can be mined over 5 different Data Mining algorithms.[1] These are SHA256 (ASIC friendly), Scrypt (ASIC friendly), Groestl (GPU friendly), Skein (GPU friendly), Qubit (ASIC friendly).
There are 6 platforms for the DigiByte blockchain and currency.  These include DigiByteGaming, DigibyteTip, DigiByte Market, DiguSign, Digi-ID and DigiHash.
These cryptocurrency wallets support DigiByte:
The open source nature of DigiByte has attracted the global community of developers to build projects on the DigiByte blockchain.
In 2015, NRC Handelsblad featured an article about an entire street of retail shops in Zoetermeer using DigiByte to transact with manufacturers in Hong Kong.



.I Loopring 
Loopring is an open protocol for building decentralized exchanges initiated by Daniel Wang. The protocol is free, extensible, and serves as a standardized building block for decentralized applications (dApps) that incorporate exchange functionality. It is operable on Ethereum and Qtum while NEO is also under construction.
Loopring provides market participants with a decentralized, automated trade execution system that executes their trades across cryptocurrency exchanges, shielding them from counterparty risk and reducing trading costs. 
Ring-miners are enabling that orders can be filled through order rings until the desired trades are completed for all parties involved.
Loopring wants to achieve that more orders get completed on exchanges by facilitating cross exchange transactions. 
The solutions it proposes therefore is an automated execution system. Funds remain in the wallet of the user until orders are executed.
On top Loopring uses order sharing. This means all orders can be broken up into smaller pieces to identify the best exchange and ideal time to trade each batch.
The LRC Loopring token is listed on a number of exchanges such as Binance, OKEx and Gate.io.
Official Website
The Merkle: What is Loopring?
CoinCentral: What is Loopring? A beginner's Guide



.I Basic Attenti... open source
transparent
decentralized
efficientThe token can be used to obtain a variety of advertising and attention-based services on the Brave platform. The utility of the token is based on user attention, which simply means a person’s focused mental engagement.  
Digital advertising is overrun by middlemen, trackers and fraud. 
Introducing a decentralized, transparent digital ad exchange based on Ethereum Blockchain. 
Stage 1: Brave BrowserBrave is a fast, open source, privacy-focused browser that blocks malvertisements, trackers, and contains a ledger system that anonymously captures user attention to accurately reward publishers. The Basic Attention Token can be used to obtain a variety of advertising and attention-based services on the Brave platform, as it is exchanged between publishers, advertisers, and users.The token’s utility is derived from — or denominated by — user attention.Attention is really just focused mental engagement — on an advertisement, in this case. 
Stages 1 + 2 = A New Deal
The Brave browser knows where users spend their time, making it the perfect tool to calculate and reward publishers with BATs. This service creates a transparent and efficient Blockchain-based digital advertising market. Publishers receive more revenue because middlemen and fraud are reduced. Users, who opt in, receive fewer but better targeted ads that are less prone to malware. And advertisers get better data on their spending.The Brave browser anonymously monitors user attention, then rewards publishers accordingly with BATs. 
Measuring AttentionAttention is measured as users view ads and content in the browser’s active tab in real time. The Attention Value for the ad will be calculated based on incremental duration and pixels in view in proportion to relevant content, prior to any direct engagement with the ad. We will define further anonymous cost-per-action models as the system develops. Ads are then anonymously matched with customer interests using local machine learning algorithms. This means less irrelevant ads. 
Who Gets What?Users viewing ads will be rewarded with BATs. BATs can be used for premium content or services on the Brave platform.Publishers will, as part of this service, receive the lion’s share of the total ad revenue. We anticipate that users will also donate back some tokens to publishers, further increasing their revenue.  
We plan to mitigate possible ad fraud through the use of cryptography, better client-side integrity, and transparency achieved through open source.Parts of the Solution are Code CompleteMuch of the infrastructure required to deploy BAT at the back end is “code complete,” meaning it’s currently in place and being used to distribute donations to publishers based on customer attention. Use it today in the Brave Browser for Windows, Mac OS and Linux.
The Basic Attention Token is the new token for the digital advertising industry. It pays publishers for their content and users for their attention, while providing advertisers with more in return for their ads.Basic Attention TokenPress? press@basicattentiontoken.orgQuestions? info@basicattentiontoken.orgTerms of Service Contributors / PublishersPrivacy Policy View PolicyJobs? We are hiring! View BAT Team Jobs
.I Mixin 
.I Komodo Enjoy the benefits of your own independent chain with zero dependencies or commitments to the Komodo main chain.Through our Komodo Security Services (dPoW), we backup your independent blockchain and insert its history into the Bitcoin network. Every confirmation of the Bitcoin network is a confirmation of the entire Komodo ecosystem, protecting you from all forms of attack. Deploy as many independent blockchains as you like (each of them can process 1000 tx/sec), and connect them all through interchain linking.Launch your ICO or dICO on Komodo; you have the option to stay within our ecosystem or migrate your tokens post-launch to any other blockchain.Fully scalable token issuance allows you to allocate the right resources to your ICO/dICO launch for predictable performance.When launching your ICO/dICO with our atomic swap technology, there is no counter-party risk, tokens are instantly issued, and immediately tradable. Komodo has pioneered the first Atomic Swap DEX (BarterDEX), enabling secure direct person-to-person trading between blockchains. No proxy tokens, no third parties, no escrow service required.During your ICO/dICO, your token will be integrated into BarterDEX, enabling your tokens to be tradable within our rapidly growing open atomic swap network.The Komodo ecosystem is cultivating complete interoperability between all blockchain technologies in the world, including all coins based on Bitcoin and Ethereum protocols.Our open-source, DIY Crowdfunding model gives all developers and entrepreneurs access to free, secure, and easy-to-use, decentralized technology to jumpstart your project of choice. Customize and generate your own independent blockchain today.Our Premier Partner model offers all of the tools that our DIY Crowdfunders receive, in addition to premium services and full support from our team. Komodo carefully reviews all Premier Partners in advance to ensure the highest quality of service.Komodo is expanding into the world’s largest and most interoperable, open blockchain network powered by Atomic Swap Technology, starting with our first Premiere Partner: Blocnation. Blocnation (BNTN) is the world’s first Premiere dICO, and their BNTN Token will be utilized to unlock crypto-payment capabilities for Southeast Asia’s leading cashless payment community of events and venues, PouchNATION.KMD is the most integral currency in the Komodo ecosystem. With every new technology we build, we seek to tie its usefulness to KMD.Any Komodo wallet address that has at least 10KMD will be eligible to receive 5%/12 (0.417%) monthly reward by participating.Komodo is specifically the main form of payment necessary to execute and initiate  the Delayed Proof of Work (dPOW) security technology.KMD has built-in privacy features, allowing users to anonymize their funds for purchases, crowd sourcing, and trading on BarterDEX.All fees which are paid on BarterDEX are transferred back into Komodo, increasing the overall liqudity for Komodo and all other coins.KMD will also be the fuel for our future language-agnostic smart-contract technology, which is currently in development.BarterDEX is currently in BETA phase of development, and can be downloaded onto your desktop for testing. If you would like to interact and help test the exchange, please join the Komodo Slack workspace #barterdex channel to help test and provide feedback.Komodo Platform made history when the world’s first decentralized ICO (dICO), Blocnation, was launched on May 3, 2018. This majorKomodo Platform has been leading the blockchain industry in decentralization for years. From pioneering atomic swap technology to developing theOn Friday, April 13th, we made an announcement that urgent updates of the Komodo Daemon and the Agama wallet wereKomodo has now partnered with EduBlock, a non-profit organization aiming to unite Puerto Rican universities via blockchain while accelerating blockchain
SUBMIT© Komodo Platform 2018 | SitemapWebsite design & built by Komodo  is a cryptocurrency project that focuses on providing anonymity through zero knowledge proofs and security through a novel Delayed Proof of Work (dPoW) protocol. The Komodo Platform was forked from Zcash by the SuperNET team and it is the evolution of the BitcoinDark cryptocurrency[1]. 
ICO start date: 2016-10-15
Komodo is a new standard for cryptocurrency security and anonymity. Protected by Zcash Zero Knowledger proofs, users can make 100% untraceable transactions.
The SuperNET team has also developed a hand full of individual tools that will stand together with Komodo to form a complete ecosystem with advanced functionalities like decentralized trading and mixing.
Based on bitcoin dark and Zcash principles- A new mining algorithm, dPoW (delayed proof-of-work), uses bitcoin network hash power- Anonymous team, but the main developer is well-kinown in the community and has frequently worked with the Super.NET project.
Komodo holders receive 5% annual percentage rate (APR) revenue. Every KMD holder will receive it, and it is indeed automatic as there are no settings to turn on, no modes to activate or no passwords to unlock. The 5% APR will remain until the max supply of 200M KMD is reached. Only T-address balances will get the APR.
More information in the project whitepaper: https://komodoplatform.com/downloads/DEX_Whitepaper_v1.pdf
The Komodo Platform relies on the technology developed by the Zcash team, Zero Knowledge Proofs. This technology allows the transactions within the Komodo blockchain to be 100% private or transparent according to the privacy requirements of each situation.
When transactions are private, no one can see the amount, sender or recipient of the transaction on the blockchain, although miners can verify that it is correct and that no double-spending has taken place. When the transactions are transparent, they behave like a normal Bitcoin transaction. Anonymous transactions are important, not only to protect user privacy but also to ensure that all the coins remain fungible, which is one of the basic requisites for any currency[2].
Komodo has a novel way of dealing with security. At its core, Komodo is a proof-of-work cryptocurrency with regular mining. But it also has a Delayed Proof of Work system, one that is able to "recycle" Bitcoin's hashrate to ensure Komodo's immutability.
Through 64 pre-selected notary nodes that are voted on by the community, Komodo is able to notarize its blocks on the Bitcoin blockchain, ensuring that almost any attack attempt is mitigated since an attacker would also need to change the Bitcoin blockchain to tamper with Komodo[3].
The block data from Komodo is introduced in Bitcoin via custom transactions made by the notary nodes that are connected to both blockchains. Any discrepancy on either blockchain will be detected by these nodes.
This consensus mechanism can be used by basically any cryptocurrency that wishes to better its security system. Through Komodo itself, other blockchains can plug into Bitcoin, saving costs on the transaction fees (that are cheaper on Komodo).
KMD market cap on 12 OCT 2017: $183,038,437
KMD price on 12 OCT 2017: $1.81



.I Nebulas Based on its blockchain valuation mechanism, Nebulas proposes future-oriented incentive and consensus systems, and the ability to self-evolve without forking.Nebulas Rank (NR) provides a measure of value for every unit in the blockchain.Nebulas Force (NF) enables Nebulas to respond to new demands without forks.Nebulas Incentive (NI) rewards devoted Nebulas developers and virtuous users.Continuously Improving Ecosystem
Learn More about Nebulas Technology
V2.0
2018.Q4

2018.Q4 Green Paper - NFMauve Paper - NI
2018.Q3
Yellow Paper - NR
2018.Q2

2018.Q1 V1.0 Eagle Nebula Release & Mainnet Online
2017.Q4 Testnet OnlineTechnical Whitepaper & Code Open Sourced
2017.Q3

2017.06 Nebulas Founded
Home
Incentive
Technology
Community
Labs
Team
Careers
Resources
Blog
Terms

[email protected]
Copyright © 2017-2018 Nebulas.ioNebulas is a blockchain platform with the objective to become a decentralized search framework that was founded in June 2017. The Nebulas Rank provides insights on blockchain data. 
Official Whitepaper



.I Ark Ark is a universal innovative platform designed to popularize and simplify as much as possible the processes of mutual relations, cooperation and calculations in the virtual space. Ark has its own virtual sign-Ark token, which carries a monetary value.
Ark project was launched at the end of 2016. A huge team of 27 people is working on its launch and further promotion. Ark defines his mission as the proliferation of blockchain technologies among the broad masses of the population.
Note that Ark is not a traditional virtual currency. It is an entire ecosystem, a safe platform for adaptation. The company has ambitious plans: to stimulate the mass adoption of crypto money by offering those tools that will be useful and in demand by users. The new project has its own currency - ARK coin.
Ark (ARK) is a platform for consumer adoption. It is not just a cryptocurrency - it is an ecosystem meant for cryptocurrency mass adoption. Ark has a powerful core that allows transactions to take place with an eight-second block time. In addition, full decentralization is a distinctive feature of the project. Ark is also working to ensure anonymity[1].
Features Ark does not end there. The project also uses its own Smart Bridge technology, which allows Ark to communicate with other blockchain technologies.
In addition, a large number of tools from this project are being developed, the purpose of which will be to distribute not only its own cryptocurrency, but also digital money in General.
To explain more easily than good Ark, we list its advantages:
However, Ark's drawbacks also exist:
To be honest, these disadvantages apply not only to Ark, but also to other cryptocurrencies.
As already mentioned, the development of this project involved a huge team – 27 professionals in the field of blockchain technologies, most of which were previously involved in the creation of large-scale projects.
Among the experts who created Ark – Francois Xavier, who has long held the position of chief programmer e-currency Lisk, and now manages the Department of development Ark. Also joined the team of professionals who previously engaged in the development of infrastructure network Bitshares.
ARK market cap on 12 OCT 2017: $264,076,217     
ARK price on 12 OCT 2017: $2.70[2]
Experts working on the development of the project suggest that its further improvement will allow the platform to provide users with such features:
It should be noted that everything that is done by the Ark project team is done with a single goal – to create a single system that combines a variety of services and tools. If they succeed, the company's support and high liquidity of ark cryptocurrencies are provided.
ICO start date: 2016-12-11
More information in the project whitepaper: https://ark.io/whitepaper/



.I WaykiChain 
.I Ardor The unique parent child chain architecture of the Ardor Platform allows companies to build their products and services using child chains while relying on the security provided by the parent chain.The Ardor Platform uses the Proof-of-Stake consensus algorithm which eliminates mining competition, therefore nodes can use low energy and economical hardware.Child chain transactions can be removed from the blockchain once they are confirmed, to keep the actual blockchain lightweight and efficient.Ardor is built on top of NXT’s four years of production experience, and is developed in Java, the most popular development language for commercial applications.
Jelurida B.V. is the company behind the development of the Ardor Platform and Nxt Blockchain technology.
News

Repository

Wallet

Block Explorer

Whitepaper

Wiki

Help & Support
Forum

Slack

Telegram

Reddit

Facebook

Twitter

Ardor FYI YouTube
Bittrex

Poloniex

UPbit

LiteBit.eu

HitBTC

Open Ledger

CoinSwitch

ArdorGateArdor is a public blockchain-as-a-service platform that will allow people to utilize the blockchain technology of Nxt through the use of child chains. A child chain, which is a ‘light’ blockchain that can be customized to a certain extent, is designed to allow easy self-deploy for your own blockchain. Nxt claims that users will "not need to worry" about security, as that part is now handled by the main chain (Ardor). This is the chief innovation of Ardor.[1] The first child chain on the Ardor platform will be Ignis for which an ongoing crowdsale has been launched.[2] It has been built on the successful Nxt technology and is designed with unlimited scalability, safe smart contracts, and customizable child chains. These features are designed to increase business profits, efficiency, and security.

Ardor is the development software Nxt, which eliminates the problem of inflating, scalability and versatility of the blocks. Ardor is developed as a complete ecosystem where multiple players can interact with each other without going beyond the platform.
The problem of storing and processing a large amount of non-essential long-term data in a block chain is solved by separating the chain security tokens from those used for regular transactions.
Like Nxt, the so-called will work as open-source software open-source. Ardor will also be available for commercial licensing. Ardor is a blockchain-based ecosystem that offers convenient network scaling options and has a convenient setup for business.
Ardor will provide you with the opportunity to create your own subsidiary chains within The ardor ecosystem. Just think about all the possibilities associated with creating your own subsidiary chain, not just an asset or a coin.
All the features that NXT has, will also be available for the child chains Ardor:
Official Ardor website 
Twitter @ardorplatform



.I aelf aelf is a decentralized cloud computing network. aelf supports cross blockchain interaction with Bitcoin, Ethereum and other blockchain systems.
For all intents and purposes, they are creating a new blockchain which will resolve 3 main blockchain problems which has been restricting this technology from being adopted in more mainstream uses. These problems are limited performance, lack of resource segregation, and a properly working governance model. By resolving these issues, aelf will be bringing blockchain technology into business scenarios with full force.
In response to this, they have created a blockchain which can be integrated to side chain specific business scenarios. The aelf blockchain and sidechains will possess the following qualities:

Official Whitepaper



.I Dentacoin Video is not visible, most likely your browser does not support HTML5 videoDentacoin is the first Blockchain concept designed for the Global Dental Industry. The Dentacoin ERC20 token is configured to
be used globally by all individuals. Dentacoin aims at improving dental care worldwide and making it affordable through crowd
power. Numerous Blockchain-based tools will be developed and implemented.
Be the driving force for change.The first Blockchain-based platform for trusted dental treatment reviews to allow patients to raise their voice and have an impact on the global dental industry.Ensure your dental health.A revolutionary blockchain-based dental insurance concept where responsibility for one’s health is shared and interests are aligned between dentists and patients.Treat your body as a whole.A decentralised database of patients overall medical records where data will be highly protected, updatable and accessible exclusively by patients or by dentists, upon a given permission.Form sustainable oral health habits.An interactive aftercare app to assist patients in steps to be followed post-treatment, aiming at developing long-lasting oral hygiene habits in both children and adults.Answer. Learn. Earn.A WebApp for collective customer wisdom, which serves as an up-to-date market research data through questionnaires and rewards. Dentist can have access to this valuable information and apply this "wisdom" to improve. Use your credit/debit card to purchase Dentacoin (DCN) directly on our website! You can also exchange DCN to over 100 other altcoins!We are glad to welcome Carson Calderwood to our Advisory Team! He has been in the dental field for 20 years. He started as a dental assistant
in college and did that through college and dental school until he began practicing dentistry as a dentist himself.The Canadian Connection. Reed is a researcher and clinical assistant at the University of
 Alberta Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry (Edmonton, Canada). Fascinated by healthcare and information technology, he is pursuing an MSc in
Health Informatics. Reed has become increasingly involved and invested in blockchain technology and cryptocurrency. Recent experience includes
analyzing, reviewing, and recommending Initial Coin Offerings (ICO) for CryptoRated.com. He is also validating a new ICO scoring system for
ability to predict investment success.
The Science Mind. PhD in “Computer systems, complexes and networks”.
Dean of Varna University of Management. Founder and director of VUM School of Computer Science. An internationally recognized
authority in software process improvement and software engineering technologies. Worked as a software engineer, a manager, a
software architect, a CIO, a CTO, a professor, an author, and a software engineering consultant for two decades. Experienced
in the development of systems for advanced engineering and cloud-based applications. Held positions with responsibility for
scientific and systems programming. Member in: Rotary, Mensa, IEEE, ACM. He is the fifth most influential scientist in the world,
with the largest contribution in his field, as per the ranking of Google Scholar.
Business Pioneer. 11-year experience in Business Development Management.
The driving force behind several successful dental clinic concepts, including F3T Dental Clinic - London. Overseeing the
applications of dental innovations and constantly exploring the opportunities for growth in Dental Industry.
Our CRM Pro. Dental Practice Manager at F3T Dental Clinic, London.
Experienced in CRM, Dental Software Implementation, Purchasing Management. Background education in Computer Systems and Technology.
Focused on identifying technological trends and implementing them as competitive advantages. Constantly exploring
state-of-the-art innovations for the benefit of patients.Our Insurance Guide. US-based writer with a degree in Economics
and over 30 years of experience in the insurance and financial industry. Former Certified Financial Planner who has
 advised clients on captive insurance companies, risk transfer and risk distribution strategies.The Patient Voice. Certified by the International Training Center
for Dental Implantology (IFZI). Strongly believes in the power of patient feedback to change the industry for the better.
Currently developing Blockchain infrastructure to collect and store trustworthy feedback as a basis for implementing a patient-driven strategy.Dr. Steven WarrenDr. Jackson StarkDr. Ethan YoungDr. David ThompsonBenjamin ColemanJoshua Abelson© Dentacoin Foundation. All rights reserved. 
The Netherlands Chamber of Commerce Business Register extract 
Wim Duisenbergplantsoen 31 6221 SE Maastricht The Netherlands



Dentacoin is the first Blockchain concept designed for the Global Dental Industry. The Dentacoin ERC20 token is configured to be used globally by all individuals. Dentacoin aims at improving dental care worldwide and making it affordable through crowd power. Numerous Blockchain-based tools will be developed and implemented.
Project website Dentacoin (DCN)
Dentacoin ICO start date: 2017-10-01
Dentacoin (DCN) is a new Ethereum-based token, customized for the Global Dental Industry. The value that it brings to the community can be shown by the current usage of the coin. It has already been implemented as in partner clinics and results after the first test phase are out.
More information in the project whitepaper: [1]
DCN market cap on 12 OCT 2017: $42,891,313     
DCN price on 12 OCT 2017: $0.000142
Twitter
Slack
Facebook
Blog
Project website
Tokenmarket



.I Loom Network Think World of Warcraft and Twitter on the blockchain. Built on Ethereum.Everything You Need to Know About Loom NetworkLoom Network DAppChains are built for Games and Social Apps. Token-based karma, Ethereum-based crypto-collectibles, all based on forkable, decentralized, and human-readable blockchain rulesets.
    Build games that truly cannot be built without the blockchain: provably scarce items, tradable tokens, eternal worlds, and multi-game-spanning universes.Build social applications not driven by advertising. Monetizable via karma tokens, expandable via multiple-client apps, minimization of trust, and more…DAppChains are full-featured blockchains that are built to run in parallel to Ethereum Smart Contracts. They’re an advanced form of Ethereum sidechains optimized for scaling data rather than financial transactions.Every DApp runs on its own sidechain, meaning its data is public and forkable, just like Ethereum and Bitcoin.
Generate Your Own DAppChain with the Loom SDK
Choose your own Consensus Mechanism, build your own ruleset, and release fully-contained node software that’s runnable on any major cloud platform. With Loom, you don't have to implement the consensus layer — you just focus on building your app.

Generate Your Own DAppChain with the Loom SDK
Choose your own Consensus Mechanism, build your own ruleset, and release fully-contained node software that’s runnable on any major cloud platform. With Loom, you don't have to implement the consensus layer — you just focus on building your app.
Choose your own Consensus Mechanism, build your own ruleset, and release fully-contained node software that’s runnable on any major cloud platform. With Loom, you don't have to implement the consensus layer — you just focus on building your app.Loom Network provides a infura-like caching layer to make things easy but it’s a real blockchain underneath: forkable, trustable, performant, and scalable.We’re laser-focused on developer experience. Our projects are well known in the community and we are constantly working on enriching the greater blockchain development community. You may know us from:





DelegateCall: Earn tokens by posting and answering questions!
Fully Blockedchain based Q&A; site that runs on a DAppchain. Earn tokens by posting and answering questions! This is the first live DAppchain built by Loom Networks, real Ethereum-backed tokens running on a lightning fast and scalable platform.
DelegateCall.com







CryptoZombies: Learn to Code Ethereum DApps By Coding Your Own Game
CryptoZombies is an interactive code school that teaches you to write smart contracts in Solidity through building your own crypto-collectables game. With around 130000 students, CryptoZombies is the most loved intro to blockchain programming.
CryptoZombies.io







EthFiddle: #1 Solidity code sharing site
With over 10,000 users, EthFiddle is the most popular place to share Solidity code snippets. Compile, test, and run Solidity code snippets from around the web. User- friendly UI that's immediately familiar to any developer.
EthFiddle.com







SolidityX: Secure-by-default programming language that compiles to Solidity
The pragmatic next-step to building scalable and secure applications, SolidityX is a secure-by-default superset of Solidity that compiles down to secure Solidity for deployment, avoiding known pitfalls. Better the bugs you know than the bugs you don’t.
Solidityx.Org



Want to learn more? Check out some popular posts from our blog:




Introducing Application-Specific Sidechains
A high-level overview of what we're building at Loom Network.
Learn More



How to Secure Your Smart Contracts: Solidity Exploits
Smart contract vulnerabilities article series and course
Learn More



How to Code Your Own CryptoKitties-Style Game
De-mystifying the most popular Ethereum game and its code
Learn More








DelegateCall: Earn tokens by posting and answering questions!
Fully Blockedchain based Q&A; site that runs on a DAppchain. Earn tokens by posting and answering questions! This is the first live DAppchain built by Loom Networks, real Ethereum-backed tokens running on a lightning fast and scalable platform.
DelegateCall.com







CryptoZombies: Learn to Code Ethereum DApps By Coding Your Own Game
CryptoZombies is an interactive code school that teaches you to write smart contracts in Solidity through building your own crypto-collectables game. With around 130000 students, CryptoZombies is the most loved intro to blockchain programming.
CryptoZombies.io







EthFiddle: #1 Solidity code sharing site
With over 10,000 users, EthFiddle is the most popular place to share Solidity code snippets. Compile, test, and run Solidity code snippets from around the web. User- friendly UI that's immediately familiar to any developer.
EthFiddle.com







SolidityX: Secure-by-default programming language that compiles to Solidity
The pragmatic next-step to building scalable and secure applications, SolidityX is a secure-by-default superset of Solidity that compiles down to secure Solidity for deployment, avoiding known pitfalls. Better the bugs you know than the bugs you don’t.
Solidityx.Org



Want to learn more? Check out some popular posts from our blog:




Introducing Application-Specific Sidechains
A high-level overview of what we're building at Loom Network.
Learn More



How to Secure Your Smart Contracts: Solidity Exploits
Smart contract vulnerabilities article series and course
Learn More



How to Code Your Own CryptoKitties-Style Game
De-mystifying the most popular Ethereum game and its code
Learn More


Fully Blockedchain based Q&A; site that runs on a DAppchain. Earn tokens by posting and answering questions! This is the first live DAppchain built by Loom Networks, real Ethereum-backed tokens running on a lightning fast and scalable platform.CryptoZombies is an interactive code school that teaches you to write smart contracts in Solidity through building your own crypto-collectables game. With around 130000 students, CryptoZombies is the most loved intro to blockchain programming.With over 10,000 users, EthFiddle is the most popular place to share Solidity code snippets. Compile, test, and run Solidity code snippets from around the web. User- friendly UI that's immediately familiar to any developer.The pragmatic next-step to building scalable and secure applications, SolidityX is a secure-by-default superset of Solidity that compiles down to secure Solidity for deployment, avoiding known pitfalls. Better the bugs you know than the bugs you don’t.A high-level overview of what we're building at Loom Network.Smart contract vulnerabilities article series and courseDe-mystifying the most popular Ethereum game and its codeJames DuffyCo-FounderLuke ZhangCo-FounderMatthew CampbellCo-FounderKyle TeagueProof of Stake DeveloperJim SkogmanApplication DeveloperChinmay NaikPlatform DeveloperNishant ModakPlatform DeveloperVadim MacagonApplication DeveloperPiyush VermaPlatform DeveloperDavid SData EngineerMisha YurchenkovSenior UI/UXTeeraporn LeelasuphaDesignerGeorgios KonstantopoulosResearcher/Technical WriterDilanka McLovinGrowth HackerMolly TAPAC Marketing ManagerStephanie XiaoChinese Marketing ManagerMami MordovetsJapanese Marketing ManagerRoy ShapiraExecutive Game DirectorMichael CullinanHead of Business DevelopmentJillian CanningMentor - Program Director - TechstarsAlex IskoldAdvisor - Managing Director - TechstarsReuben LooAPAC Advisor - Partner - MW PartnersYuan Chin SohBiz Dev Advisor - Partner - MW PartnersMichael NgBiz Dev Advisor - Partner - MW PartnersStephen H. GalebachLegal CounselZombieMysteryThe VenturesInvestorTechstars NYCAcceleratorLoom Network is a Platform as a Service built on top of Ethereum that allows developers to run large-scale decentralized applications. This lets developers build DApps with the trust and security of the world’s most secure public blockchain, along with the computing resources necessary to run commercial-scale services. Like how Filecoin tokenized disk space, Loom aims to be the tokenized application protocol of the new decentralized web.
.I PIVX Community updates, tutorials, hangout highlights, interviews, and more!Click here to read all about it! May 18, 2018 | 0 CommentsHey there everyone, @FusedHelios here. I have some wonderful news. A few things actually. First things first, we just added all of our videos to the brand new Facebook channel that you can find here: https://www.facebook.com/PIVXClass Plus we also have a new Twitter... May 14, 2018 | 0 CommentsPIVX has set the bar once again by becoming the first cryptocurrency to enable private Proof of Stake with their latest update to Core Wallet 3.1.0.2 This update provides users the ability to earn staking rewards of their zPIV, by staking zPIV through another... Apr 26, 2018 | 0 CommentsThank you PIVian Brian Colwell (Crypto Hobbit) for putting together this video recap! Nuggets News Australia introduces “Snappy” Bryan Doreian to talk PIVX history, privacy, and the much anticipated wallet upgrade! Beyond the rebrand from DarkNet, the heart and... INSTALLER32 bit   |   64 bit32 bit zip   |   64 bit zip INSTALLER.dmg |  .tgzHigh Sierra Only tgz 32 bit  |  64 bitarm 32 bit  |  64 bitDesigned by Rhubarb Media,   © 2018 The PIVX Community.PIVX
PIVX (Private Instant Verified Transaction)
PIVX (formerly known as DNET) is an open source peer-to-peer cryptocurrency, which originated as a code fork from DASH, one of the first privacy-focused cryptocurrencies. PIVX is a digital currency guided by a manifesto.[1] It is a community-centric cryptocurrency with a focus on privacy, decentralization, and real-world use.[2] PIVX operates a self-governing and self-funding budget model that enables the network to pay individuals and businesses to perform work that adds value to the network. A DAO (decentralized autonomous organization) budget system is not reliant on donations or sponsorships that can lead to conflicts of interest. Currently, PIVX offers instant transactions (SwiftX), and private transactions (zPIV).[3]
CONTENTS 
HISTORY
PIVX was originally released as DarkNet (DNET) on January 30, 2015. On January 1, 2017, DarkNet was rebranded as PIVX, an acronym for Private, Instant, Verified, Transaction.[4] 
PIVX has a completely customized codebase of Bitcoin core 0.10.x and DASH,[5] which is maintained by six full-time core developers, including an academic/professional cryptographer and additional support from many part-time and volunteer workers.[6] [7]
FEATURES
MASTERNODES
PIVX utilizes a network of “masternodes” that provide a number of vital network functions. Masternodes require 10,000 PIVX[8] as collateral to prevent sybil attacks. Although this collateral can be spent at any time, doing so removes the associated masternode from the network. The reward for each block is split between stakers and masternodes.[9] [10]
PIVX has a balanced ecosystem because 60% of coins are staked or locked in masternodes,[11] and coin holders only suffer a small rate of inflation, which continuously decreases as the coin supply increases, since only a fixed amount of 2.34–2.6 million PIV can be minted per year.[12] 
PIVX features IPv4, IPv6, Tor Network Nodes and I2P support is in development.[13] [14]
STAKING
Proof of stake (PoS) is a type of protocol that is used to verify transactions using a fraction of the electricity used in proof of work (PoW). Furthermore, PoS is used to create PIVX that is distributed to stakers as a reward for validating transactions.[15] 
PIVX utilizes the PoS 3.0 protocol with a fixed block rewards, in addition to a variable seesaw reward mechanism that dynamically balances 90% of its block reward size between masternodes and staking nodes. The remaining 10% of the block reward is used for the budgeting system, which utilizes its network of masternodes for decentralized governance.[16] There is not a significant difference between staking and masternode rewards.[17] 
Every PIVX transaction must be double-validated by a random staker and masternode, and then confirmed 101 consecutive times by random contributors.[18] An attacker would need to own 70.7% of staked coins for a 50% chance of double spending or invalidating a single block.[19] PIVX staking can be decentralized amongst all of its users and cannot be traced by electricity use, whereas mining is usually centralized by mining pools, concentrated in regions where electricity is cheap. 
zPIV
PIVX is the first PoS-based cryptocurrency to enable transaction anonymity, as of September 2017.[20] PIVX has implemented a highly-vetted protocol called Zerocoin, which enables each transaction to be private by unlinking transactions with the use of a new second-tier coin called zPIV.[21] Where PIV is a unit of PIVX and z prefix is for Zerocoin.[22] 
Researchers at Stanford University and Concordia University have shown that bitcoin exchanges and other entities can prove assets, liabilities, and solvency without revealing their addresses using zero-knowledge proofs.[23]
Unlike most other cryptocurrencies that currently utilize a Zerocoin-based protocol, zPIV utilizes a very efficient accumulator checkpoint system. This system allows the zPIV spend process to utilize checkpoints that contains all mints that were made prior to the zPIV mint being spent, as well as a user-selected amount of zPIV mints beyond the checkpoint. This allows for a large pool of coins in the accumulator and much smaller computational requirements. zPIV requires minimal resources, which make it one of the fastest private transfers in the market of digital currencies. 
zPIV TECHNICAL ADVANTAGES
1. 25% smaller spend transaction sizes (on average) over any other current implementation of the Zerocoin protocol in a production environment (further optimization is in the works). 
2. Fast verification and network sync performance. 
3. Direct spend of zPIV to a PIVX address. 
4. Multiple Zerocoin denomination spends is possible in a single transaction.
5. Ability to spend exact amounts and issue the remaining change to either a PIVX address or more zPiv.
SwiftX
PIVX uses SwiftX technology to achieve near instant transaction confirmations (less than a second), while still overcoming double spend challenges. SwiftX technology allows PIVX transactions to be broadcast almost instantly; PIVX SwiftX costs 0.01 PIV, and will give 5 confirmations in under 1 second.[24] This feature has not yet been adopted by the wider cryptocurrency community. 
INFINITE SUPPLY ∞
PIVX has a low inflation rate, which decreases every year.[25] There is a current coin supply of ~55 million PIV[26] and there is a limit of 2.34–2.6 million PIV that can be minted each year.[27] At least 90% of minted coins are rewarded to stakers and masternode owners for processing transactions and securing the network.[28] Up to 10% of minted coins are used to fund PIVX improvement proposals. Since PIVX holders can stake regardless of how much PIV they own, and staking and masternode rewards are not significantly different,[29] all PIVX users can contribute to the network to earn block rewards, thereby mitigating any reduction in buying power due to inflation. PIVX deploys an aggressive deflationary tactic which coins are burnt (PoB) from the total coin supply, such as the unused treasury, all transaction fees and zPIV minting fees.[30][31]
SCALABILITY
PIVX currently has a transaction capacity that is 10 times greater than Bitcoin.[32] With the upcoming Elastic Block Sizes update the transaction capacity would expand based on demand.[33] Block size of 2 megabyte and block time of 60 seconds.[34]
GOVERNANCE AND FUNDING
PIVX has a fully operational, self-funding, decentralized treasury system that was built and developed using 100% self-funding, without any ICO (Initial Coin Offering).[35] On occasion, a few web projects have accepted PIVX for their ICO.[36]
Up to 10% of the block rewards are available to fund projects and proposals, amounting to around 21.6k PIV that are available every 30 days to be used and distributed through PIVX’s proposal and voting system, which is done in a decentralized manner through masternodes.[37]



.I Huobi Token Empowering millions of users across over 130 countries trading over $1 billion in assets. 24/7/365 customer access and support. A trusted world-class operation designed specifically for knowledgeable crypto-investors.Sophisticated model providing analysis for the entire blockchain asset ecosystem. Strategic insights based on research, trends, and 50+ unique indicators to properly evaluate investment potential and risk. One-stop source for in-depth, comprehensive information on 190+ cryptocurrencies.Advanced distributed system architecture built to protect against DDoS and other potential threats. More than 98% of digital assets stored in multi-signature, cold wallets. Security protocols are fully aligned and compliant with industry best practices. 4 years of safe, stable infrastructure operations, giving customers 100% confidence.Service Centers around the worldOn the leading global digital asset exchangeLOG IN CREATE AN ACCOUNTThe leading global digital asset exchange      © 2013-2018 HUOBI.PRO
.I Polymath Polymath enables trillions of dollars of securities to migrate to the blockchain.There are a trillion reasons, but here are some of our favourites.Polymath enables companies to take control of their equity issuance through programmable code.Raising in cryptocurrency opens up an entire wealth of new investors.No matter where you live in the world, you have access to trading 24/7.Polymath eliminates the middleman and financial structures that hinder the deployment of equity.There is a trove of wealth that is untouched by Wall Street that can now be accessed through Polymath.
									What Ethereum did for tokens, Polymath will do for securities.
								
									Powered by
									POLY
										TM


[email protected]

.I Bancor Bancor Protocol™ is a standard for the creation of Smart Tokens™, cryptocurrencies with built-in convertibility directly through their smart contracts. Now the Bancorp project is one of the most sensational topics in the cryptocurrency community. On June 12, the project team gathered in less than three hours 396 720 ETH. At the exchange rate at that time it is more than $140 million. Tokens Bancor (BNT) in total bought 10885 investors. One of them bought 6,9 million BNT tokens at once, laying out the equivalent of $27 million. In the hands of the team Bancor at one point moved 0.5% ETH from the total. Bancor is going to ensure the exchange of tokens of the ER20 standard (on the Ethereum blockchain) directly with each other, bypassing the cryptocurrency exchanges. This should increase liquidity in the Ethereum token market and eliminate commissions, and therefore reduce user costs during the exchange. And transactions between different tokens will be carried out with the help of smart contracts. The alpha version of the bancor Protocol is already working, and there is also a software wallet for BNT tokens.
The Bancor was a supranational currency that John Maynard Keynes and E. F. Schumacher[1] conceptualised in the years 1940–1942 and which the United Kingdom proposed to introduce after World War II. The name was inspired by the French banque or ('bank gold').[2] This newly created supranational currency would then be used in international trade as a unit of account within a multilateral clearing system—the International Clearing Union—which would also have to be founded.
John Maynard Keynes proposed an explanation for the ineffectiveness of monetary policy to stem the depression, as well as a non-monetary interpretation of the depression, and finally an alternative to a monetary policy for meeting the depression.  Keynes believed that in times of heavy unemployment, interest rates could not be lowered by monetary policies.  The ability for capital to move between countries seeking the highest interest rate frustrated Keynesian policies.  By closer government control of international trade and the movement of funds, Keynesian policy would be more effective in stimulating individual economies.
Bancor protocol has a built-in pricing mechanism and a liquidity mechanism on its token with respect to any coin on the platform. A special system of reserve and exchange is developed, which allows you to exchange one token to another according to a certain formula. This mechanism is included such a thing as a “permanent reserve ratio”. This decision will help to all holders of the tokens on the Ethereum platform easily ,simply, quickly and with a minimum Commission to do the exchanges.
Bancor would not be an international currency.  It would rather be a unit of account used to track international flows of assets and liabilities, which would be conducted through the International Clearing Union. Gold could be exchanged for bancors, but bancors could not be exchanged for gold.  Individuals could not hold or trade in bancor. All international trade would be valued and cleared in bancor. Surplus countries with excess bancor assets and deficit countries with excess bancor liabilities would both be charged to provide symmetrical incentives on them to take action to restore balanced trade. In the words of Benn Steil,
Keynes was able to make his proposal the official British proposal at the Bretton Woods Conference, but it was not accepted. Rather than a supranational currency, the conference adopted a system of pegged exchange rates ultimately tied to physical gold in a system managed by the World Bank and IMF.  In practice, the system implicitly established the United States dollar as a reserve currency convertible to gold at a fixed price on demand by other governments.  The dollar was implicitly established as the reserve by the large trade surplus and gold reserves held by the US at the time of the conference.
Since the outbreak of the financial crisis in 2008 Keynes's proposal has been revived: In a speech delivered in March 2009 entitled Reform the International Monetary System, Zhou Xiaochuan, the governor of the People's Bank of China called Keynes's bancor approach "farsighted" and proposed the adoption of International Monetary Fund (IMF) special drawing rights (SDRs) as a global reserve currency as a response to the financial crisis of 2007–2010.  He argued that a national currency was unsuitable as a global reserve currency because of the Triffin dilemma—the difficulty faced by reserve currency issuers in trying to simultaneously achieve their domestic monetary policy goals and meet other countries' demand for reserve currency.[4]
A similar analysis can be found in the Report of the United Nation's "Experts on reforms of the international monetary and financial system"[5] as well as in the IMF's study published on 13 April 2010.[6]
All these manipulations can be performed with the help of chatbots Bankor. It is planned that any user without special skills will be able to create a smart token, as well as launch an ICO to implement their ideas.
The organizers of the project believe that their tokens will eliminate the need for cryptocurrency exchanges to exchange one token for another. At the same time, there is no "spread" in the system, that is, the difference between the price of buying and selling the token. The advantage of owning BNT tokens is that they allow you to profit from the difference in prices for tokens within the system and "in the outside world" on conventional cryptocurrency exchanges. Bancor also makes it easier to invest in different tokens, allowing you to create "baskets" of several investment instruments. Cooperating with the Token Card project, Bancor also gives the opportunity to link the account in any Windows (as well as smart tokens or investment "baskets") to a regular Bank card and pay it in the store.
The benefits of the Bancorp:
• the lack of spread
• no counterparty risk (exchange tokens without using exchanges)
In total, there are 79.3 million BNT tokens, of which investors were able to buy half, that is, 39.6 million tokens. At the same time, it is worth noting that the organizers of the enterprise can at any time arbitrarily increase the number of BNT tokens in circulation. Bancor is also criticized for raising too much money during the ICO. Almost one and a half hundred million dollars: to put it fairly, this amount is excessive for the development of a software product.
The distribution of tokens and the procedure of their sale can be long and reasonably criticized — for example, why is this amount taken for the ultimate purpose? And why tokens got not to everyone, but only to the elected, to what this artificial boom?
And the main thing-right now actively create a competing Protocol, which is called 0 x Project ("zero-Ex project"). This Protocol has similar objectives. And 0 x Project financial support such famous venture capitalists as a Polychain and Pantera Capital.



.I Kyber Network KyberNetwork Crystal (KNC) is a token of the KyberNetwork platform – a decentralized service for an instant exchange of crypto currency assets.
Project website
ICO start date: 2017-09-17
Kyber Network is a new system which allows the exchange and conversion of digital assets. They provide rich payment APIs and a new contract wallet that allow anyone to seamlessly receive payments from any token.Users can also mitigate the risks of price fluctuations in the cryptocurrency world with our derivative trading.
More information in the project whitepaper: https://kyber.network/assets/KyberNetworkWhitepaper.pdf
The idea of the Kyber Network creation came to the chief director of the project, Loi Luu, during his work on the problem of the “verifier’s dilemma”[1] in such projects as TrueBi and Smart Pool, and Oyente[2]. In some interviews, Luu calls his project the “decentralized version of ShapeShift"[3].  
On August 7th, 2017 a minimally viable product Kyber Network was posted: a sample of a smart contract and an electronic wallet (the prototype code of the reserve control board is kept secret by the developers for now)[4]. 
Kyber Network pursues the Know Your Customer policy[5] , which is why the ICO process was carried out in several steps: 
1. August 18th-25th. Creation of the Whitelist. The Kyber community gathered over 25 million people on Slack, from the list of confirmed users; a preliminary list of those who want to buy KNC was created[6].  The users of KakaoTalk, Telegram (Korean) and WeChat could also get in the list. The Whitelist was closed 3 days prematurely due to an excessive number of those who wanted to buy a token[7]. 
2. August 31st – September 10th. Registration. Anyone from the Whitelist could register to buy coins. 
3. September 15th – 17th. Sale of tokens. 
4. September 27th. Sale of KNC on the Binance exchange[8].  
As a result of the ICO[9]  it was managed to reach the funding limit established on the level of 200 000 ETH, which makes out $60 million (with the Ethereum rate of $300)[10].  As of September 2017, it is one of three largest ICOs of 2017[11]. 
The infrastructure of Kyber Network allows exchanging cryptocurrencies without the participation of exchanges: the transactions are carried out with the help of smart contracts. It became possible thanks to the creation of a token reserve. When a KyberNetwork user exchanges one asset to another, a purchase or sale of a token from the reserve takes place.
To ensure the work of the reserves, the following components are included in KyberNetwork: 
1. Reserve operator. Carries out the listing and delisting of the exchange pairs of coins.  
2. Depositor. Provides tokens into the reserve.  
The maximum amount of KNC is limited from above - 226 000 000. 
After the ICO, the coins are distributed in the following way: 
KyberNetwork offers to use tokens in two ways:
1. As the platform’s currency. A reserve executive can pay with it for the depositor’s services.  
2. As a reward for various partners who help generating the trading activity on Kyber. 
The cost of KNC will grow in time due to a range of reasons:
1. “ Burning of tokens”. KyberNetwork tokens left after the payment to auxiliary partners will be eliminated[14].  Six million tokens will be annihilated[15]. 
2. Law of demand. The increase of the number of users and volume of transactions leads to the growth of demand for KNC. 
Thus, even with the unchanged market capitalization of Kyber, the cost of the KyberNetwork tokens shall grow[16]. 
The general use of KyberNetwork includes:
1. Exchange of tokens
2. Payment service. Kyber allows giving the address at once, to which the funds will come after the conversion. 
3. Proxy payments. Kyber smart contracts can send converted funds to the specified address on behalf of the wallet’s owner, i.e. as if tokens were sent by the owner himself, not KN[19].  In this way, it is possible to participate in the ICO. 
The project managed to enlist the support of the community representatives (for example, Vitalik Buterin acted as a consultant)[20]  and carry out a successful ICO.  
The road map of Kyber supposes the following stages:
As the main competitor of Kyber, Bancor, 0xProject, SwapTech, EtherDelta can be mentioned[22]. The differences of KN from the listed competitors are described in the project’s Whitepaper[23].  
Telegram
Twitter
Blog
Project website
https://tokenmarket.net/blockchain/ethereum/assets/kyber-network/



.I Cryptonex Cryptonex (CNX) is a global, decentralized cryptocurrency created on its own blockchain. It is the world's first blockchain acquiring.
The main goal is to offer an opportunity to exchange any world currencies for cryptocurrencies and tokens, to buy goods and services using payment cards and mobile applications with contactless payments instantly and with minimum commission.
Cryptonex main feature is P-o-S mining, 12% per annum. It’s enough to buy CNX, transfer into any desktop wallet, and keep it online as far as possible. Due to P-o-S scheme use, the transactions are safe and take only a couple of seconds.
Cryptonex is being developed by the international team of Investment Financial Group, which main specialization is software development for financial markets. ECN broker with interbank market access, aggregator of providers' liquidity for HFT trading, investment portfolio systems, PAMM accounts and much more have been developed by Investment Financial Group.
Cryptocurrency exchange is being prepared for the launch.  The nearest plan is to add cryptocurrencies exchange for fiat money in a web wallet as well as mobile app launch.



.I Fusion FUSION is an inclusive public blockchain that provides the infrastructure and architecture for fully fledged financial functions on the blockchain.FUSION is opening a new era of cryptofinance for the Internet of Values. By cooperating with financial institutions, cryptocurrency companies, 3rd party app developers, academia and the broader cryptocurrency community, FUSION is building a broad finance ecosystem on the blockchain.The FUSION Protocol provides APIs to enable different cryptocurrency tokens, off-chain values and data-sources to be mapped onto the FUSION blockchain. Any centralized or decentralized organization, blockchain community, Dapp developer or individual is welcome to build a new world of cryptofinance on the FUSION blockchain.FUSION solves the interoperability limitations within the cryptocurrency world. Multiple tokens can be mapped onto the FUSION blockchain, enabling the separation of ownership, usufruct and multi-token smart contracts.The FUSION Protocol makes “smart” contracts truly smart through the development of multiple triggering mechanisms in the calling list, an interoperability solution and functional scalability, providing the architecture for complex financial smart contracts on the blockchain.Cross-chain, cross-organization and cross-datasource inputs can be mapped onto FUSION, achieving interoperability never seen before on the blockchain. Combined with complex and nuanced smart contract functionality, FUSION is creating a completely new world of cryptofinance, opening up possibilities that have never been imagined.The FUSION public blockchain is absolutely independent from third party interference. The Distributed Control Right Management layer securely protects all locked-in cryptocurrency assets on the FUSION blockchain. By distributing and sharding private key mapping FUSION ensures that nobody can access the complete private key, making sure that no single node 
can obtain the control of digital assets. In addition to the traditional transaction triggering mechanism, FUSION introduces time and event based triggers to smart contracts. These three triggering modes are extracted from various financial scenarios and can meet the requirements of complex financial smart contracts. The HHCM takes advantages of both PoW and PoS, and utilizes parallel computing to group nodes and achieve 
a favourable balance of efficiency and safety.VisionTechnologiesRoad MapTeam & PartnersFAQVideosNewsDocumentsContactMore
.I Elastos Elastos is the safe and reliable internet of the future. Built utilizing the blockchain, this technological breakthrough provides the first completely safe environment on the web where decentralized applications are detached from the internet while also permitting full scalability to millions of users. Elastos enables the generation of wealth through ownership and exchange of your data and digital assets. Welcome to the new Smart Web, where safety and economic distribution can flourish on the internet.
Elastos Weekly Updates — 18 May 2018
“The greatest scientists are artists as well.” 
2018.05.18 / 16min read.
Read More
Elastos Weekly Updates — 11 May 2018
“Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man’s character, give him power.” 
2018.05.11 / 19min read.
Read More
Elastos SPV and Technical Integration Update
We would like to update our community on the following two topics: merged mining with Bitcoin and the progress of our tech integration onto… 
2018.05.04 / 1min read.
Read More
Elastos Weekly Updates — 04 May 2018
“I’m a reflection of the community.” 
2018.05.04 / 15min read.
Read More
Logo Contest and Re-Brand Update
To Our Community, 
2018.05.01 / 2min read.
Read More
Discussion between Feng Han and Jim Glassman of JPMorgan Chase
On the afternoon of March 28th, 2018, JPMorgan head economist Jim Glassman and Visiting Scholar at Columbia University, Feng Han, met in… 
2018.05.01 / 12min read.
Read More
Rong Chen Lecture: The History of the Internet (From Birth to Blockchain and Beyond)
Rong Chen gave an on camera lecture to entrepreneurial students at Tsinghua University about the internet and blockchain. 
2018.04.28 / 41min read.
Read More
Elastos Weekly Updates — 27 April 2018
The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our… 
2018.04.27 / 13min read.
Read More
ELA NEWS Exclusive Q&A; with Kevin Zhang, New Head of the Developers Community
ELANEWS.NET is a community member run site for all news and information related to Elastos created by TI. 
2018.04.24 / 7min read.
 Read More
AMA With Elastos CMO — Fay Li
Q: In your last DApp meetup, Jihan Wu (founder of Bitmain) announced that he will be working with Elastos to setup a foundation to invest… 
2018.04.24 / 10min read.
Read More
Beijing—Tower G, Zhizao Street, Zhongguancun, No. 45, Chengfu Road, Haidian District, Beijing City Shanghai—11F, Huahong Tower, 463 Tanggu Road, Shanghai, ChinaElastos Fund: [email protected]Support: [email protected]Other contacts: [email protected]
Name


Email




Sign Up

Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress
.I Syscoin Get more information on the technical details of Syscoin 3.0, its features, capabilities, and sample use cases.The Syscoin community is positive, engaging group poised on the edge of the decentralized revolution. The team is often in Slack, happy to answer questions or just discuss anything from blockchain to beer! Come join us!We have developed a state-of-the-art marketplace where you can securely and reliably buy and sell any items you wish. Entire stores can be created directly through the marketplace where you can sell your own products or re-sell others’ products for commission. Like Ebay or Amazon without corporate gouging, political interference, downtime, maintenance or hefty fees. Truly 1:1 global commerce. No middle man.

The Syscoin Blockmarket Wallet offers all the features you need to send and receive Syscoin, keep your transaction logs in order, buy and sell items, resell others items, send encrypted messages to others and more. The Syscoin Blockmarket wallet is the first and only wallet of its kind. Its cutting edge features makes it a top choice of users all over the world. There is never any downtime or service outages. Syscoin Blockmarket launched on September 12th, 2017 1:23 PM Pacific Standard Time
 We have 16 tutorial videos to help you start buying and selling your products or services quickly.  Just click the maximize button on this video or go here For support and more information visitSlack channel at join.syscoin.orgTelegram channel: https://t.co/SHqcPLW4gK

Syscoin is based on a fork of the Bitcoin protocol and is merge-mined with Bitcoin, giving us one of the most secure, stable and scalable networks to ever exist on the planet.Our first project completed Satoshi Nakamoto’s original vision of including a marketplace on the blockchain, but we didn’t stop there.  Syscoin is a revolutionary cryptocurrency that offers near zero cost financial transactions, incredible speed and provides businesses the infrastructure to trade goods, assets, digital certificates and data securely. Syscoin isn’t just about money and trading, it has the ability to attract various business types thanks to its native set of features geared towards business on the blockchain. From eBay traders and High Street shops to Medical applications, Insurance and Gaming, Syscoin’s decentralized network benefits everyone!The Swiss Army Knife of cryptocurrency platforms, our collection of features and smart contracts can be used to provide solutions for hundreds of different decentralized service use-cases directly on the blockchain and our hardened smart contracts cannot be compromised for nefarious purposes like some turing-complete platforms.  All these features work together to create applications not possible with other blockchain projects.
		Syscoin Encrypted Messaging Service
		            Syscoin 3.0: The New Blockchain Application Development Platform for Leaders, Inventors, and Innovators.		        
2018.05.14 / 3min read.
		            Read More
Syscoin Indexing Service
		            Syscoin 3.0: The New Blockchain Application Development Platform for Leaders, Inventors, and Innovators.		        
2018.05.09 / 3min read.
		            Read More
IMPORTANT: Instructions for Upgrading to Syscoin 3 / Syscoin 3.0.3 Release
		            These instructions are mandatory for all users migrating an existing Syscoin wallet from Syscoin 2.x to 3.x. If you have already upgraded…		        
2018.05.03 / 2min read.
		            Read More
Syscoin 3.0 Masternode Configuration
		            UPDATED MAY 8, 2018		        
2018.05.02 / 6min read.
		            Read More
Syscoin 3.0 is Live!
		            Syscoin 3.0 has successfully launched today. We took a snapshot of balances, offers, and aliases on the Syscoin 2.x blockchain at block…		        
2018.05.02 / 1min read.
		            Read More
The Syscoin 3.0 Upgrade Process Begins!
		            As announced at our official Syscoin Meetup and as stated in our last blog post, the Syscoin 3.0 upgrade process will begin taking place at…		        
2018.04.30 / 3min read.
		            Read More
Syscoin 3.0
		            We are very excited to present the new scope of Syscoin 3.0 as well as the block number for the upcoming hard fork. On April 30th, 2018 at…		        
2018.04.20 / 5min read.
		            Read More
Join us for the First Official Vancouver Syscoin Meetup!
		            If you are local to Vancouver or passing by, join us for the First Official Vancouver Syscoin Meet-Up: April 19th, 2018(6PM to 10PM PST)at…		        
2018.04.09 / 1min read.
		            Read More
Blockmarket 1.2.3 Update
		            Blockmarket 1.2.3 is a minor update to address issues found in 1.2.2. Please keep up to date by watching the Blockmarket Github Repository…		        
2018.03.27 / 1min read.
		            Read More
Syscoin 3.0 Update
		            As most people who follow the blockchain space will know, there have been several important regulatory developments over the past few…		        
2018.03.27 / 2min read.
		            Read More
 

Get the latest news and info!Syscoin is a cryptocurrency.
Syscoin 1.0 was the world's first decentralized marketplace. Syscoin 1.0 was a scrypt algorithm altcoin based on Litecoin. Total Coins mineable: 888 million. The original whitepaper included Decentralized Marketplace Creation, Decentralized Smart Contracts and Documents, Decentralized Certificate Issuance and Transfer and Decentralized Data Storage and Retrieval. Some of these services were available upon launch but only accessible through a command-line interface.
Announced on April 16, 2014 at 12:15pm PST on Bitcointalk. Presale began on July 19, 2014 at 0.00000465 BTC/SYS with Moolah.io as escrow agent. ICO price was .00000518 BTC/SYS. Full launch was announced for August 16, 2014. The ICO raised 1500 BTC of which 250 BTC was used for "buy support". Moolah (Ryan Kennedy aka Alex Green) stole the remaining 750 BTC.
Development Team: Sebastian Schepis, Dan Wasyluk, Michael Wheeler, Jonathan Heald, Soeren Pederson, Sebastien DiMichele
Syscoin 2.0 added a graphical interface and additional features to the Syscoin decentralized marketplace. Additional features include price-pegging, arbitrated escrow, encrypted messaging and Bitcoin as a payment option. Syscoin 2.0 switched algorithms to SHA-256 and became merge-mineable with Bitcoin. Total Coins mineable: 900 million.
Launched May 1, 2016 at 12:15pm PST
Development Team: Jag Sidhu, Dan Wasyluk, Sebastien DiMichele, Brad Hammerstron, Sebastien Schepis<ref name="syscoin.org"/>
http://wikipedia.org/



.I Cortex In Cortex, due to the nature of open source and competitive mechanisms, the best model as an
                intelligent agent will survive to enhance the intelligence level of the Blockchain network.Cortex's main mission is to provide the state-of-the-art machine-learning models on the
                blockchain in which users can infer using smart contracts on the Cortex blockchain. One of
                Cortex's goals also includes implementing a machine-learning platform that allows users to post
                tasks on the platform, submit AI DApps (Artificial Intelligence Decentralized
                Applications).Cortex allows users to write machine-learning programs on the blockchain and submit
                        interactions that are dependent upon other contracts.Cortex has its own Virtual Machine, called the Cortex Virtual Machine (CVM). The CVM
                        instruction set is fully EVM compatible and has support for inference instructions.When a user initiates a transaction to a contract, the full node needs to execute the code of
                            the smart contract. The difference between Cortex and ordinary smart contracts is
                            that intelligent contracts may involve inference instructions, and then all nodes need to
                            agree on the result of this inferred result.Cortex also provides a submission interface for training off-chain, including the
                            instruction-interpreting virtual machine for models. This will setup a bridge
                            between computing power providers and algorithm providers for trading and collaboration.Machine learning researchers around the world can upload well-trained corresponding
                            data models to the storage layer. Other users who need this AI models can make inferences by
                            using models and pay to their providers.M.S. University of California, Santa Cruz, Machine Learning.M.S. Carnegie Mellon University, Civil Engineering.B.E. Tsinghua University, Civil Engineering.Co-founder of Waterhole.io.zchen@bitcointalk.
                    Miner Since 2013.M.S. University of Chicago, Statistics.B.E. Tsinghua University, Aerospace Engineering and Economics.MXNet Contributor, awesome project.Deep Learning, and Cryptography.Winner of Fintech Hackathon, Dorahacks 2017. Certified Financial Risk Manager.M.S. Tsinghua University, Computer Science.B.E. Dalian University of Technology, Computer Science.Cryptocurrency and Blockchain.Waterhole IM backend architect.Co-founder of Waterhole.io.Miner Since 2015.Ph.D. Candidate .B.E. Tsinghua University, Computer Science.AI & Blockchain Researcher.Quantum Computing Researcher.Cryptocurrency Quantitative Trading.National Olympiad in Informatics Winner.M.S. Columbia University, Electrical Engineering.B.S. Queen's University, Electrical Engineering.B.A. Queens's University, Economics.Organizer of Low Carbon Blockchain Forum - EcoMobility World Festival 2017.Miner Since 2016.M.S. CUHK, Computer Science.B.S. Xiamen University, Computer Science.ACM Gold in China & Asia.Quantitative Trading Algorithms.Reinforcement Learning Expert.Distributed System.Dalian Minzu University.Technology Enthusiasts.Worked at Bitauto (NYSE: BITA), responsible for content planning and marketing.Implemented multi-channel online marketing and marketing programs for BMW, Mercedes-Benz, and Ford.MLA Harvard University, Management Information Systems.B.S. University of Wisconsin-Madison, Economics.Web Developer.Google Analytics IQ / Google Adwords Certified.B.S. Massey University, New Zealand.DipSc&Tech;, Massey University, New Zealand A Grade Student.Database Expert.OpenStack/Kubernetes Expert.Decentralize Storage Expert.Go / Python Expert.AI Expert on Acoustics.Ph.D. University of Paris VI.Lecturer in a national confidential academy.2017 ACM KDD Cup, 2016 CCF Bigdata ML, Ctrip Forecasts, Kaggle Data Mining and Optimization
                        Competition Top 3.Kaggle World Rank 66/80K+.Senior Undergraduate, AI Research Scientist.University of Toronto, Canada, Computer Science.Papers on NIPS, CVPR and ACL as the First Authorship.CTEXCTEXCTEXAI Research Scientist.Designer, Reviewer, Mentor at Udacity.2015 International Underwater Robot Contest First and Second Place.Kaggle Dog Breed Identification Top 0.5%.CTEXCTEXAI Research Scientist.Ph.D. Candidate, Zhejiang University, Computer Science and Technology.Taobao Dressing Collocation Algorithm First Stage Top 5%.2014 American College Mathematical Modeling Contest First Place.AI Framework Research & Development Expert.TFLearn Top 4 Contributor.MXNet / TensorFlow / Paddlepaddle Contributor.CTXCCortexCTXCCortexCTXCCortexKaggle Grandmaster, Kaggle Rank 12/80K+.Kaggle Rental Listing Inquiries, Rank 1st.Kaggle Recruit Restaurant Visitor Forecasting, Rank 1st.Kaggle TalkingData AdTracking Fraud Detection Challenge, Rank 2nd.Tianchi Store Localization, Rank 1st.DataFountain Corporation Risk Prediction, Rank 1st.BienData 2017 Mobai Competition, Rank 1st.Harbin Engineering University, Information Countermeasure.Kaggle Master, Kaggle Rank 27/80K+.Kaggle Recruit Restaurant Visitor Forecasting, Rank 1st.Kaggle Talkingdata, Rank 2nd.Tianchi Store Localization, Rank 1st.Jingdong Finance Credit Prediction, Rank 1st.DataFountain Corporation Risk Prediction, Rank 1st.BienData 2017 Mobai Competition, Rank 1st.2016 Xiecheng Yunhai Prediction, Rank 1st.Kaggle Master, Highest 206/80k+Master Student of Sun Yat-sen University.Assistant Researcher at Hong Kong Polytechnic University.2017 KDD CUP, Rank 3rd.2017 Smart China Cup, Communication Rank 1st, Finance Rank 1st, Education Rank 2nd.2016 CCF BDCI Electric Consumption Prediction, Rank 1st.2016 Xiecheng Yunhai Prediction, Rank 1st.DiDi Autonomous Driving Competition, Rank 1st.Tianchi Store Localization Competition, Rank 2nd.Kaggle Mercari Competition, Rank 3rd.DataCastle Smart China Cup Communication Competition, Rank 1st.DataCastle Sina Weibo Prediction Competition, Rank 4th.UAI Shenzhou Car Renting Competition, Rank 3rd.M.S. Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications.2017 CCF BDCI Supermarket Optimization, Rank 1st.2017 CCF BDCI Corporation Risk Prediction, Rank 2nd.2017 Tencent Social Ad CTR, 3rd/1600.2017 JData Algorithm Competition, 6th/4242.IJCAI-18 Alimama International Advertising Algorithm Competition, 5th/5204 (Season 2).G-Financial Forecasting Challenge, 3rd/406.Kaggle TalkingData AdTracking Fraud Detection Challenge, 36th/3967, Silver Medal.Kaggle Corporación Favorita Grocery Sales Forecasting, 23rd/1675, Silver Medal.PhD of Computer Science, Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Science.School of the Gifted Young, USTC.Kaggle Rank 63/80K+. Kaggle Recruit Challenge, Rank 1st.Kaggle Talking Data Fraud Click Detection, Rank 2nd.IJCAI-17 Customer Flow Forecasting Contest, Rank 1st (Season 1).IJCAI-18 Ad CVR Prediction Contest, Rank 1st (Season 1).Investor of Bitfinex.LP of Bitfund.Venture Partner of Zhenfund.hydrogenesis@bitcointalk.
                    Miner Since 2011.Founding partner of World Financial Desk.CortexCortexCortexCortexInventor of public key cryptography ( Diffie-Hellman ).2015 Turing Award winner.CortexCortexCortexFounder of FBG Capital.CTXCCTXCCEO and Chairman of Beijing Kunlun Tech Co. (300418.SZ).CortexRetired CEO and Chairman of China Metallurgical Group Corporation (601618.SH) and(01618.HK).President of DAGlabs.CortexCTXC©️ 2018 CortexLabs.ai. All rights reserved.
.I Mithril Mine MithrilFind Followers, Fortune, and Fame.
.I Gas 




Copyright © NEO Team 2014-2018   NEO Contributors
.I MonaCoin  Monacoin ProjectThe first Japanese CryptocurrencyAlgorithm: Lyra2RE(v2)Block time: 1.5 minutesBlock reward: 25 MONA105,120,000 total coinsSubsidy halves every 1051k blocks (~3 years)Difficulty re-target: every block (Dark Gravity Wave v3)not premined
.I GXChain 
Win32 Win64GithubSubstratum - Substratum Node lets anyone become a web host on the decentralized internet. Unlike many technologies based on blockchain, SubstratumNode focuses on an intuitive user experience. Anyone can earn Substrate (SUB) by turning their computer into a host.
Project website
ICO start date: 2017-08-14
With Substratum, members will be able to vote content up or down. This will allow people to identify bad players like child pornography or terrorism and get them removed from the network. 
More information in the project whitepaper: http://substratum.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/substratum_whitepaper.pdf
SUB market cap on 12 OCT 2017: $29,708,416     
SUB price on 12 OCT 2017: $0.131400
Twitter
Telegram
YouTube
Facebook
Slack
Reddit
Project website
http://icorating.com/project/316/Substratum



.I Ethos Say hello to the Ethos Universal Wallet. Store all of your tokens, coins and digital assets safely and securely on your mobile device. Track assets you have stored somewhere else – such as on a hardware wallet or an exchange. Ethos Universal Wallet gives you a complete view of your entire portfolio in one place, with rich analytics to show how you’re doing.Safely and securely. A single 256-bit seed, 24-word mnemonic provides master encryption for all of the private keys in each wallet you create. Security forever.Ethos SmartKeys leverage user feedback and accelerometers to ensure your SmartKey is one of a kind and ultra secure. Who said state-of-the-art security can’t be fun?Ethos SmartKeys allow you to safely access multiple digital assets without all the hassle. SmartKeys are hierarchically deterministic, which means they derive all your wallets from a single seed. Pretty cool!Ethos Universal Wallet brings it all together, and then some. We’re starting with digital assets, but we’re building a hybrid ecosystem that brings together digital and traditional assets in powerful new ways. A complete view of your financial future.Not just any wallet. Ethos Universal Wallet provides one of the best mobile-first, hot wallets to safely and securely interface with multiple assets on multiple blockchains. Truly a wallet to rule them all.Offline for maximum security. Generate a SmartKey and watch your balance. Enter your mnemonic when you want to transact, but don’t expose it to the elements. Ice cold. Fully integrated.It’s a portfolio tracker. Add info for digital assets you have stored somewhere else, add coins to your watchlist, or even create fantasy portfolios. Your call. With WatchFolio, you can bring it all together in one place.Data-rich learning. Investing in the future can be a challenge. With Coins, you’ll have access to a powerful coin profiles that combine raw data, key facts, social intelligence – with technicals, market performance, ratings and more.
A new, personal way to make the Blockchain easier, safer and more secure. Register and verify your personal or business name, and receive a simple branded wallet domain that can send or receive any coin supported in the wallet. Your scary cryptographic address will be replaced with a simple name, synchronized with Blockchain transactions. Plus a Verified Wallet Domain lets others know that they are interacting with the real you.Ethos never holds your assets and you remain in complete control at all times.Take advantage of added security features to keep your assets safe, and access them conveniently.Your unique wallet seed is never stored on our server, and a virtual keyboard prevents key-logging. It’s yours to record and protect.Lose or damage your phone? No worries. Simply restore your wallets using your 24-word mnemonic.Safe investing requires research and discipline. Investing in blockchain projects can be even more challenging and confusing. Ethos gives you a wealth of knowledge, data and access to an active community of enthusiasts and experts that makes it easier than ever to learn about and invest in digital assets.Check the latest news on dev updates, upcoming events, press coverage, team announcements and more.
Development Milestone and Release Update
Hey Ethos Fam!
Thank you very much for all of your patience and support over the last few months. We have all been working extremely hard to get the Universal Wallet…Read More 
Measuring Decentralization in Crypto
There never were in the world two opinions alike, no more than two hairs or two grains; the most universal quality is diversity. – Michel de Montaigne
The crypto…Read More 
Cryptocurrency Price Sentiment
Time for a breather? The community is wondering how long the recent crypto rally will persist. Compared to last week, we see a small drop in the number of respondents who expect…Read More 
Ethos CEO Shingo Lavine joined the charismatic Crypto Crow (Jason Appleton) via live stream on Monday to make three special announcements. The days leading up to the interview, it was hinted that Shingo might reveal which country would be first to…Read More 
For the past several weeks, we’ve been interacting with the Ethos community to gather sentiment data around the cryptocurrency sector. On some level, crypto assets are driven by sentiment and the perception…Read More 
by Maurice Herlihy, Brown University
1 INTRODUCTION
Bitcoin first appeared in a 2008 white paper authored by someone called Satoshi Nakamoto [15], the mysterious deus abscondidus of the blockchain world. Today, cryptocurrencies and…Read More 
Ethos Smart KeysHow Cryptocurrency Enables Consumers to Protect and Own Their Money
Introduction
Cryptocurrencies, such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, bring unique benefits to the world of personal finance by…Read More 
Ethos Summit Recap!
Saturday April 14th, 2018 was hands down one for the books. It was not only the day Beyonce took over Coachella but it also marks the very same day our beloved team held our first ever…Read More 
Ethos Dev Update + Genesis Build Demo
Hey Ethos Fam!
KDP here to announce three major updates to get you excited for the Universal Wallet launch.
A SNEAK PEEK OF THE ETHOS GENESIS BUILD!
Next steps from…Read More 
by Gregory Rocco
Blockchain technology is best known for both its security and immutability. In a blockchain ledger, blocks act as a living record of transactional flow and are secured through heavily incentivized consensus mechanisms. These…Read More Our mission is to build a financial ecosystem that is open, safe and fair for everybody.© 2018 Ethos.io PTE. All global rights reservedCustomer Support LeadCustomer Support will be working together as a team based around the globe to make sure your questions get answered and issues get resolved to your full satisfaction. All of the Customer Support Agents are truly passionate about what we do here at Ethos, we cannot ask for a more solid base to build on! Thijmen den Bode is the Customer Support Lead at Ethos. With his knowledge and experience of best practices, processes and information technology required to provide excellent customer support, he will be managing all of our Customer Support Agents.Community ManagementKevin is an active participant in the cryptocurrency community and is an early Ethos community admin and educator. He posts regular articles on Steem and is an active contributor. Kevin is studying computer science and economics at Brown University, as well as studying Chinese. He is helping administer the Ethos community channels and support and is an early ETHOS backer.Nominee DirectorSelvam is a Director of Investments with Singtel Innov8, a corporate venture capital fund that focuses on technology and solutions for network capabilities, next-generation devices, digital content services as well as customer experience enhancement among others.Before Singtel Innov8, Selvam was the Head of Investments at tryb Capital, leading investments in the fintech space. Prior to that, he was a Principal with the investment team of Formation 8, which focused on diversified technology investments globally. Selvam was also a Vice President with Economic Development Innovations Singapore (EDIS), that specialises in global real estate investments. Prior to EDIS, Selvam was part of the investment banking teams at UBS and Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Before joining UBS, Selvam was part of the investments team at Temasek Holdings, covering the consumer and lifestyle sector.Selvam has executed numerous deals in Asia and the US across various sectors, including fintech, consumer, telecommunications, media, technology, financial institutions as well as healthcare, among others. Selvam holds a Bachelor of Electrical Engineering from the National University of Singapore and a Masters of Science in Applied Finance from Singapore Management University.Blockchain & Smart Contract TechnologyMaurice Herlihy has an A.B. in Mathematics from Harvard University, and a Ph.D. in Computer Science from M.I.T. He has served on the faculty of Carnegie Mellon University, Brown University and the staff of DEC Cambridge Research Lab. He is the recipient of numerous awards, including the Dijkstra Prize in Distributed Computing, the Gödel Prize in theoretical computer science, the ISCA influential paper award, the Edsger W. Dijkstra Prize, and the Wallace McDowell award. He received a 2012 Fulbright Distinguished Chair in the Natural Sciences and Engineering Lecturing Fellowship, and he is fellow of the ACM, a fellow of the National Academy of Inventors, the National Academy of Engineering, and the National Academy of Arts and Sciences.Head of Accounting & FinanceMichael is the Head of Accounting & Finance at Ethos. He has a diverse background in accounting and finance having worked as an auditor at Deloitte & Touché, serving Fortune 100 / 500 clients, and private start-ups. He worked at Republic Services as a Division Accountant in a business unit, performing the accounting, budgeting, and forecasting for three companies. He then assumed the role as Senior Market/Financial Analyst at the regional office – overseeing the operations of eight business units throughout Washington, Oregon, Idaho, & Montana. More recently, Michael worked as an Integration Accounting Manager at Expedia where he managed newly acquired brands and elevated their financial reporting standards. Informed by his work with legal entities in a multi-currency environment, Michael firmly believes in supporting ethical crypto frameworks.
Security Engineer & Full Stack DeveloperAlec is a security engineer and full-stack developer here at Ethos, helping to build and harden Bedrock and the Universal Wallet. He realized he had a passion for technology at a very young age, and has strived to help change the world for the better with it ever since. For the majority of his life, he has accrued a strong background in computer science and cyber security, an entrepreneur and futurist’s mindset, and has developed a diverse skillset that allows him to wear whatever ‘hat’ needed to get the job done. Prior to joining Ethos, he helped build enterprise-grade healthcare systems, applications and infrastructure for small/medium sized businesses, was a core blockchain engineer for Thought Network. He also enjoys competing in hackathons and has won several awards. Alec views cryptocurrencies and distributed ledger technologies as a way to bring power to the people, and as a critical tool for drastically improving the security posture, transparency, and efficiency of many industries.
UI/UX DesignerEllen is a talented UI/UX designer with both technical and creative abilities. She is currently a student at Brown University, studying computer science and art, and is working to build the mobile UI for Ethos. She has previously worked at Pixar as a technical director intern in the Pixar Undergraduate Program and is a researcher for the Brown Graphics Lab. A jack of all trades, her portfolio includes both a wealth of design and technical projects demonstrating that she is a master of them all.
UI/UX DesignerGloria works on Ethos’s mobile UI/UX and product design. She is a freelance UI designer and blog writer on Medium. Having worked in marketing and design at TokenMarket, she has experience with branding and creating content for the wider cryptocurrency community. Gloria currently studies economics and psychology at Brown University. 
Community & Support DirectorAs the Ethos Community Director, Kenley’s expertise sits in leading analytical and investigative support aimed at community management and customer service. He brings with him over 16 years of enthusiasm for design, development and delivery processes via planning, network builds and maintenance, as well as release and capacity management. We lean on Kenley to monitor how Ethos user requirements and needs evolve to best understand how our services can be applied to solve their problems.IT & SecuritySecurity is a top concern here at Ethos, and you can rest assured your assets are safe with Pete’s rock solid technology infrastructure.  Pete has years of experience maintaining scalable carrier-grade application IT infrastructure and data centers for carrier partners worldwide including Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Metro PCS, AT&T, Globe, Dobson, Rogers, Vodaphone and U.S. Cellular, with 99.99% uptime and 100% security.  At Ethos, Pete is responsible for development operations, deployment, quality assurance, global IT and blockchain node hosting.Data EngineerAndrew is a data engineer who is responsible for making real-time crypto market data available to the Ethos platform. His background in financial model development, data collection, and algorithmic trading is helping him create core services in Ethos Bedrock. Prior to joining Ethos, Andrew worked on high performance machine learning pipelines for large financial institutions, while building cryptocurrency trading bots and financial models in his free time. He has over 5 years of experience investing in crypto assets, giving him a keen understanding of cryptocurrency markets. He holds degrees in both quantitative finance and mathematics, and won the Mark Bertus Prize for his publication, Portfolio Diversification with Bitcoin.Data Analysis & VisualizationAidan has a strong background in quantitative finance, mathematics, and computer science designing data visualizations for large data sets and predictive modelling while working at large financial institutions as well as on crypto related projects. Aidan is an avid crypto enthusiast that believes the technology has the potential to revolutionize the world in a number of disciplines and that Ethos is going to take the first steps towards making crypto more readily available to the masses. Aidan keeps up to date with the latest risk management and machine learning methods, in open source projects and financial journals and is passionate about putting that to use in the crypto industry.
DevOps EngineerMia Alexander is a DevOps Engineer at Ethos, she has a wealth of experience in cloud computing and blockchain infrastructure development. Mia currently holds a fundamental role at MyCrypto, a client side interface for the Ethereum blockchain and previously held a position at MyEtherWallet, assisting both in developing a scalable blockchain infrastructure. Mia is passionate about creating a system that is accessible to everyone and plans to assist that ultimate vision by continuously leveraging and developing her skills as a DevOps Engineer. Core EngineerDerek is the lead engineer for the mobile application and oversees critical mobile engineering and development. He brings a strong background in both full stack development, UI/UX, and marketing. During his career he has built large financial applications for Fortune 50 financial firms, distributed systems for global non-profits, and e-commerce marketplaces. His longstanding interest and knowledge in the information security space, including participating in ethical hacking activities and an in-depth understanding of cryptology, naturally evolved into an intense curiosity and research regarding blockchain technology and its application to cryptocurrencies. Derek’s role at Ethos is a culmination of these passionate interests, breadth of knowledge, and hunger to continue expanding his areas of expertise aligning with the Ethos team’s goals.Lead UX/UI DesignerLaura Lee Boykin is the lead UX/UI designer at Ethos. She has spent the last 4 years combining her love of design and technology to make beautiful and user-friendly products. Her experience includes work for several top businesses including Capital One, CarMax, Marriott, Estes and many more. Her primary focus at Ethos is making the Universal Wallet accessible and attractive so that the future of finance truly is for everyone.





Rina EspirituSenior Producer
Rina is a Senior Producer with the Creative + Experience Team at Ethos. She brings with her a flexibility and verve for project management that is backed by 15 years of working with startups and small, impactful teams. With a colourful career history that spans print and digital publishing, concert and event production, enterprise software, as well as the arts & culture sectors – community building through thoughtful experiences has always been Rina’s primary focus. She has had the pleasure of launching collaborative projects alongside Intel, Sapient Nitro, TIME Inc., Condé Nast, Deloitte, DocuSign among others. Outside of her work as a content and community producer, she provides outreach mentorship to Toronto-based, youth-organizations aimed at nurturing creative entrepreneurship.

UNCODE.initRow(document.getElementById("script-927794"));Senior ProducerRina is a Senior Producer with the Creative + Experience Team at Ethos. She brings with her a flexibility and verve for project management that is backed by 15 years of working with startups and small, impactful teams. With a colourful career history that spans print and digital publishing, concert and event production, enterprise software, as well as the arts & culture sectors – community building through thoughtful experiences has always been Rina’s primary focus. She has had the pleasure of launching collaborative projects alongside Intel, Sapient Nitro, TIME Inc., Condé Nast, Deloitte, DocuSign among others. Outside of her work as a content and community producer, she provides outreach mentorship to Toronto-based, youth-organizations aimed at nurturing creative entrepreneurship.Senior DesignerChristine is the Senior Designer at Ethos, responsible for helping establish the brand’s visual language. Christine has accumulated over 12 years experience developing rich and evocative brand identities and creative solutions for a roster of clients that include Toyota Canada, Red Bull Music Academy, Warner Music, Barrick Gold, Saatchi & Saatchi, and Rocscience Inc. She founded boutique visual communications studio CMANGO Design in 2006, held the role of art director for national Canadian music publication, Exclaim! Magazine, for 10 years, and is a founding member of a multiple award-winning, charitable arts & cultural centre for youth based in Toronto. Christine studied Fine Arts at Langara College, New Media at Ryerson University and Graphic Design at OCADU. She has lectured, facilitated workshops, spoken on panels, and provided mentorship for a variety of institutions and programs, and has been honoured with residencies, commissions and exhibitions as a multidisciplinary artist. 
Director of Portfolio ManagementDaniel Caley’s focus on finance and technology earned him a role on a Fortune 25 trade floor at Freddie Mac. During his tenure at Freddie Mac, he built a program that was responsible for the securitization of 10 billion in UPB a month. His intuitive nature paved the way as a Cash Window Portfolio Manager where he reduced costs by building better controls and identified previously missed opportunities when securitizing mortgages. Before becoming a Portfolio Manager, Daniel worked in the Middle Office interacting with Traders, Auditors, Mortgage Policy, Compliance, and the Back Office group to ensure bonds were pooled correctly, documented properly, SIFMA strong and counterparty ready. Never settling, he continues to think outside the box while simultaneously applying solutions to real world challenges.Controller & Head of Corporate FinanceAiko Nomura is responsible for Ethos’ legal, financial and corporate operations.  Aiko specializes in digital asset finance, accounting and investment.  Aiko is experienced with corporate finance, structure, mergers and acquisitions and international business development, and has managed end-to-end M&A transactions with global institutions including Mitsui and Canon Inc.  Additionally Aiko has experience with HR, audit, tax, business management and compliance, and is dedicated to a highly ethical and accurate degree of business execution.  Aiko is a member of the American Association of Individual Investors and is experienced in managing investment services as part of her career responsibilities for employee funds and corporate and legal HR.  Aiko has a Master of Arts degree from Smith College.Head of Creative + ExperienceRyan is the head of Creative & Experience at Ethos, responsible for building the brand, helping share the Ethos story, shaping product design, and developing and executing marketing strategies to help Ethos achieve its mass adoption mission – all while building a movement. Through over 15 years of agency, non-profit and freelance experience Ryan has cultivated broad expertise and creative leadership working with clients and collaborators to push the envelope where art, commerce, community, culture, social change, media and technology intersect. With a background in multi-disciplinary creative practice and design thinking, he has created winning impact leading innovative and integrated campaigns for clients including General Motors, Coca-Cola, eOne, GM Visa, Maven, Stoli and Yahoo Canada as Creative Director at Isobar Canada, part of the global Dentsu Aegis Network. Ryan holds a BFA in New Media from Ryerson University’s School of Image Arts, and is also the co-founder of one of Canada’s premier youth arts & culture festivals.
Product ManagementKevin Pettit is an experienced product manager and financial securities expert. Prior to Ethos, Kevin worked as a Portfolio Management Senior at Freddie Mac, where he was responsible for bringing new products to market and formulating and implementing the strategy of a $22B investment portfolio. Prior to that, he was responsible for valuation activities across three sub portfolios, Derivatives/Hedge/ALM, Credit-Risk Transfer, and a bond asset portfolio for Freddie Mac capital markets. Kevin built a successful track record of launching and improving financial systems at Freddie Mac, uncovering business value to optimize their multi-billion dollar investment portfolios, trade floor and pricing desk analytics, determining exit strategy and payment processing. In addition to being an avid crypto investor, Kevin has extensive experience building high performance agile teams and organizing and leading new products from idea through execution.Business OperationsAdam has deep experience in multi-channel mobile branding, demand generation, content and advertising. Adam’s work has reached over 60 million consumers spanning 15 billion unique consumer interactions. Adam has extensive M&A experience both on buy and sell side, most notably selling Specular to a $700M public company and thereafter running their R&D operations, and acquiring the mobile media assets of Infospace a $1B publicly traded company. Adam has built dozens of mobile products for Fortune 100 U.S. companies and wireless carriers worldwide, holds several patents, and served as Chair for the MMA’s Mobile Standards Committee, defining industry standards for the multi billion dollar mobile compliance segment.Chief Investment OfficerVishal Karir, CFA, is a Portfolio Manager and Quantitative Investment Researcher with over 17 years of investment and technology experience at BlackRock and Morgan Stanley. Vishal managed BlackRock’s Target Allocation funds with $1.5 billion in assets under management. In addition, Vishal was responsible for the development and management of a range of BlackRock model portfolios (ETF based portfolio solutions), including outcome-oriented and total return asset allocation strategies. These model portfolios were followed by over 15,000 financial advisors in the US. Vishal’s investment research at BlackRock was primarily focused on equity markets. He developed investment signals by applying machine learning algorithms to analyze large volumes of natural language text.  Vishal joined BlackRock’s Model Portfolios Solutions group soon after it was formed and was responsible for the design and development of the quantitative analytics platform that has enabled the rapid growth and scalability of the business. Prior to that, he architected the iShares Business Intelligence platform that powers BlackRock’s ETF research. Prior to joining BlackRock in 2009, Vishal worked in the Prime Brokerage Technology division at Morgan Stanley. Vishal serves on the board of Renaissance Entrepreneurship Center, a nonprofit social impact organization, that has helped under-served individuals to start and grow more than 15,000 small businesses that bring jobs, character, and sustainable economic health to the local economy.Chief Technical OfficerTim Simmons leads engineering and development efforts at Ethos.  Tim is a seasoned product and technology leader with decades of experience leading engineering teams and developing innovative and complex products and platforms.  Tim was the Lead Software Architect at Citrix, a $13B multi-national software company, where he led development of their remote access technology powering their Fortune 500 customer’s distributed cloud scale server farms.  Tim then ran mobile cloud security product management for ZScaler, helping them raise their first $32M in venture funding paving the way for subsequent funding from Google and a future potential IPO.  Most recently, Tim was CTO for iTrade and Roper Technologies, a $26B diversified industrial and private equity company with investments in technology and SaaS.  Tim holds 6 patents in distributed systems and information security.Chief Technical OfficerAdam Meghji leads engineering and development efforts at Ethos. Adam has dedicated his career to creating technology that transforms how we work and play. His love for technology developed quickly as a curious child in the early days of the Internet, and his passion to create has never slowed since. He has held leadership roles at tech organizations of all sizes, from startup, to scale-up, to Fortune 500. In 2011, Adam co-founded Universe.com (acq: Ticketmaster/Live Nation), a DIY ticketing platform, where he served as CTO and developed the concept → launch → growth ➝ acquisition in 2015. Prior to that, he was instrumental in the early launch of Unata, a grocery shopping experience of the future (acq: Instacart). Earlier, Adam lead engineering and roll-out of the world’s first independent car-sharing platform at Metavera (acq: Enterprise Rent-A-Car), including launching Enterprise Car Share, and Google’s very first pilot project involving vehicles. Today, he is actively involved in the Canadian startup scene as both a mentor at Techstars and investor at Real Ventures.Global Strategy + ComplianceStephen Corliss oversees Ethos’s global corporate strategy and company expansion.   Mr. Corliss joined Ethos after a long and successful career at leading Wall Street firms including Blackrock, UBS, Merrill Lynch and State Street. During his time as COO at Blackrock, he designed, built and oversaw the firm’s global sell-side execution business, including establishing and operating nearly a dozen regulated broker dealers located across the U.S., Europe and Asia, to deliver seamless trade execution and product distribution of global Equities, Fixed Income, Mutual and Exchange Traded Funds (ETF’s) worldwide. He also managed all related external regulatory relationships with the SEC, FINRA, Federal Reserve, FCA (U.K.), MAS (Singapore), SFC (Hong Kong), ASIC (Australia), and others. Stephen was instrumental in the company’s transformation of its sell-side activities from an analogue to a digital business involving revenues in excess of $225 Million and $350 billion in global trading volume annually.Founder and CEOShingo Lavine is the Founder and CEO of Ethos, and has assembled an impressive world-class team of elite engineers and executives for the Ethos opportunity. Ethos is Shingo’s brainchild and is deeply passionate about Ethos’ mission of bringing cryptocurrency to the masses.  Shingo is the author of the original Ethos Whitepaper “Democratizing Cryptocurrency.”  Shingo is an experienced technologist and investor in Bitcoin and alt-coins, and initially funded the company with his investment gains.  While only 20, Shingo is a globally recognized expert and thought leader in cryptocurrency and blockchain technologies. Previously, Shingo was the co-founder of Jobs University, an online school with over 20,000 students, and a content marketing expert for Motzie, a mobile recruiting software company. Shingo studies computer science at Brown University.Ethos is a cryptocurrency  that classifies itself as people-powered. The ICO took place in June and July of 2017. As of early 2018 Ethos is among the TOP 100 cryptocurrencies in terms of market capitalization.

Official Whitepaper



.I Skycoin The Skycoin Platform is the most advanced blockchain application ecosystem in the world. Developed by early contributors to both Bitcoin and Ethereum, Skycoin’s platform is completely secure, infinitely scalable, and ISP independent. Backed by bandwidth, storage, and computational power Skycoin is built to fulfill Satoshi’s original vision.“Net neutrality and consumer data privacy emerged as two key issues in tech in 2017. If you’re concerned about paying ridiculous fees to ISPs for unreliable coverage, having your data sold, or government monitoring and censorship - Skycoin provides hope. These are the core issues Skycoin is attempting to solve.”The Skycoin Skyminer is meticulously designed and configured to provide a rock-solid telecom backbone for the Skywire infrastructure. The custom-built hardware is focused on delivering maximum security, efficiency and performance to the software-defined network. The multi-board architecture enables each node to support an independent service on Skywire. By isolating the nodes, each service can safely operate independently of attacks on peripheral services. These service-providing nodes are managed by an OpenWRT router with strict packet forwarding and access control rules for additional security. Skyminers are paid in Coin Hours for providing services and security to the Skywire network.At Skycoin, we want to bring users what they asked for: a true, decentralized network without central authority. To accomplish this task, we went beyond PoW and PoS to create a wholly new decentralized algorithm that reconfigures the inner workings of blockchain. Our distributed consensus algorithm, Obelisk, succeeds in delivering just such a network.Its web-of-trust style consensus prevents the development of centralized power. Skycoin requires no mining, is immune to 51% attack, and transactions occur in seconds. Decisions are made through community consensus, not based on the wishes of a few majority stakeholders.The most powerful and complete cryptocurrency platform ever created.The “web of trust”, a new kind of consensus algorithm solving the fundamental flaws with PoW & PoS.The infinitely-scalable and highly customizable parallel peer-chain architecture of the Skycoin platform.The new Decentralized Internet, a wireless mesh network that pays you for supporting it.The hardware backbone for an unbreakable decentralized internet. Get paid for providing bandwidth, storage, and cpu power while you sleep.A custom built programming language, developed on top of Golang. Designed to be easy to learn and fast to implement.Accrued by holding Skycoin, Coin Hours are the payment mechanism for services on the Skycoin platform.The building blocks of the Skywire network, deployable by anyone to ensure decentralization of the Skywire ecosystem.A peer-to-peer cloud storage service tailored to service the distributed network of Skywire.Native platform support for CoinJoin to provide completely private, untraceable transactions.Built-in end-to-end virtual private encryption over the Skywire network to ensure privacy.The most popular application currently built on Fiber. Kittycash is a complete gaming ecosystem, powered by cats.Our fully encrypted messenger service, free from prying eyes or bad actors.The framework for building distributed social network services.Stay current, receive updates from the Skycoin team, and enjoy the progress by subscribing to our newsletter! Enter your personal email address & prepare for liftoff today.© Skycoin.net 2018[email protected]
Website
Blog
Whitepapers
Bitcointalk ANN started in 2013
Skycoin (SKY) - third generation of crypto-currency.

Skywire - an incentivized meshnet

Skyledger - our version of Ethereum's ERC20 platform

Ecosystem of Apps - built on top of the three previous things
Total supply is 100 million. Skycoin is at 7%. The remainder is reserved for the Skywire network subsidy, until we hit the 25% timelock cap and enter a maximum 5% per year distribution.
The locked Skycoin are allocated for expansion of the Skywire Network via targeted network subsidies and for bounties for platform development.
We may extend the unlocking process to take up to 25 years, but we will never shorten the timelocking schedule.
There is no requirement that the yearly 5% be distributed. The unlock only enables that amount to be distributed.
Buy Skycoin Coinmarketcap
11.1.18
Market Cap $302.313.572 USD, 22,358 BTC 
Price per Coin $42,27 USD, 0.00312641 BTC
Skycoin Team
Telegram - Main Telegram - Skywire
GitHub
Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Slack
Discord
Website
Coinmarketcap



.I QASH You are not eligible to and you shall not purchase QASH through its token sale if you are a citizen or resident (tax or otherwise) of any country or state where the purchase of QASH or similar Crypto Token may be prohibited or the token sale is deemed to be not compliant with the applicable laws and regulations.*Residents of People’s Republic of China can not purchase QASH.*Residents of Japan are not able to register through this website. They will be able to purchase QASH through QUOINE Corporation (https://ja.quoinex.com/) only after the Financial Services Agency of Japan consents to QUOINE Corporation’s handling of QASH.You are not eligible to and you shall not purchase QASH through its token sale if you are a citizen or resident (tax or otherwise) of any country or state where the purchase of QASH or similar Crypto Token may be prohibited or the token sale is deemed to be not compliant with the applicable laws and regulations.*Residents of People’s Republic of China can not purchase QASH.*Residents of Japan are not able to register through this website. They will be able to purchase QASH through QUOINE Corporation (https://ja.quoinex.com/) only after the Financial Services Agency of Japan consents to QUOINE Corporation’s handling of QASH.Subscribe to stay on topof LIQUID's progressEach day, more and more token issuers are experiencing cyber-attacks, hacks, and impersonators which have led to multimillion dollars’ worth of theft. This is because current ICO platforms do not have the proper security measures in place for purchasers to deposit and transfer their funds.Deposits are typically transferred from one ETH address to another without proper KYC checks, often using a single publicly announced address for purchasers to send their funds. Hackers and scammers take advantage of this by posting fake ETH addresses on forums, and unsuspecting token purchasers end up transferring crypto to the hackers' addresses.To ensure this does not happen with QASH Token Sale, we have placed stringent, preventative measures to ensure a safe, secure, and compliant process for all token participants by carrying out our Token Sale only through our secure ICO and trading platform, QRYPTOS.• Developed markets that have standalone exchanges operating in closed pools of liquidity, which are not available to non-residents.• Emerging markets which are underserved with illiquid local currencies that must interact with bigger liquidity pools to utilize crypto tokens in their home currencies.QUOINE is launching a single globally-sourced tradingplatform (World Book) with an associated suiteof services (Prime Brokerage) that brings togetherthe entire global network of cryptocurrency exchanges toenable the highest level of liquidity to all markets.QUOINE's LIQUID platform is a financialutility that will benefit the entire crypto economy.A platform where token issuers, token holders,innovators, and users of next generation financialservices all benefit and contribute to Liquidity.The LIQUID platform has a distinct competitive edge over the restwith its powerful product features and success factorsin proving product-market fit.What is QASH?The next Bitcoin or Ethereum for financial services.We envision QASH to be the preferred payment token for financial services,like the Bitcoin for financial services.As more financial institutions, fintech startups and partners adopt QASHas a method of payment, the utility of QASH will scale, fuelingthe Fintech revolution.Trade QASH on all major exchanges.Pay with QASH for allQUOINE services.Use QASH as a payment token for other financial services.*QASH is not intended to constitute a security in any jurisdiction. You are not eligible to and you shall not purchase QASH through its token sale if you are a citizenor resident (tax or otherwise) of any country or state where the purchase of QASH or similar Crypto Token may be prohibited. Individuals,businesses, and other organizations should carefully weigh the risks, costs, and benefits of acquiring QASH.Token Allocationand Use of ProceedsRoadmapA successful, global fintech firm withan impeccable reputation and strong financialindustry pedigree.Crypto only exchange opening up toall token issuers as a self-service platformfor both ICO and Secondary Exchange.One of the largest Crypto – Fiat exchangesin the world with over USD12B annual transactions,and fully regulated in Japan (License No. 00002).$12B+30+60+Big 4Audited250+ yrs100%$20MQUOINE Corp. is one of the first fully compliant and licensed (License No: 00002) cryptocurrency exchanges in the world, based on legal measures issued by Financial Services Agency of Japan. We are held to the highest levels of compliance standards globally.QUOINE maintains world-class frameworks for AML/KYCCompliance and Security. Our highly skilled team uses250+ years of Financial Services experience plus cutting-edge tools to keep you safe. At QUOINE, Complianceand Security is everybody's responsibility, 24/7.Subscribe to stay on topof LIQUID's progressWe believe in a world where everyone has universal access to premium financial services.We believe cryptocurrencies is the future of finance. Our mission is to grow the newcryptocurrency economy into a global, mainstream ecosystem.The future of finance is decentralized, distributed, and democratized for all.Inspired by the innovative disruption of blockchain and digital currencies, Mike co-founded QUOINE in 2014 with Mario. Mike brings over 22 years of experience in investments, business management, IT and venture capital across Japan, the United States, India and Southeast Asia.Prior to QUOINE, Mike was a Senior Vice President at SoftBank Group, managing its Asia operations and investments with SingTel and Bharti Group. He was also the Chief Investment Officer of Gungho Asia, the creator of Puzzle and Dragons.Before SoftBank, Mike was a Senior Director at Globespan Capital Partners, a Palo Alto-based venture capital fund with over USD1.2 billion under management.Mike holds a Bachelor of Law from the University of Tokyo and an MBA from Harvard Business School.Mario was the Japan Chief Information Officer and Head of Fixed Income IT Asia at Credit Suisse (CS). At CS, Mario oversaw projects related to the expansion of the Fixed Income, Currencies and Commodities business in Asia. He was also responsible for creating the FICC Global Development Center in Singapore. As Japan Chief Investment Officer, he worked closely with local regulators and was responsible for IT Risk and Control.Prior to CS, Mario was CTO of Merrill Lynch in Japan, spanning a 13-year career where he was responsible for all aspects of the bank’s IT pertaining to the Fixed Income, Currencies and Commodities business. He was actively involved in early electronic trading initiatives, where he developed cutting-edge software for Sales and Trading systems.Katsu spent close to eight years at SoftBank Group. In his time at SoftBank, Katsu worked on many large M&A; and venture deals worth over USD60 billion, including the acquisition of Sprint (US mobile carrier), Brightstar (global distributor of mobile devices), investments in Coupang (largest e-commerce platform in South Korea) and Snapdeal (largest e-commerce platform in India).In 2011-2013, Katsu led the establishment of SoftBank’s venture capital arm in the US and Southeast Asia. He has also driven many financing deals, including financing for the acquisition of ARM Holdings Plc. (world’s largest chip architecture developer), issuing mandatory exchangeable bonds backed by Alibaba Group Holding Limited (largest e-commerce company in the world), hybrid bonds, and more.Ray has over 30 years of experience in IB technology, Risk Management, Finance, Management Consulting and Payments. Most recently, Ray worked in Thailand implementing a national payment scheme (PromptPay) for 21 banks.In Singapore/Manila, Ray was President/Principal of KPMG Management Consulting (Philippines). As Director, he spent over 5 years at Deutsche Bank leading Finance IT for Philippines & India. In Hong Kong, Ray was Executive Director, Head of IT and APAC COO for UBS Investment Bank.In New York, as Executive Director, Ray led the global OpRisk, SOx, Compliance and Audit IT teams at Morgan Stanley.He spent 5 years as Director and CIO at Merrill Lynch in Japan.Prior to that, Ray spent 10 years at Goldman Sachs (New York/London) where he was Vice President in the Equities Division.Andre brings extensive battle-tested experience in the practical application of AI to the world of crypto market-making. He has over 15 years’ experience in the design and implementation of low latency, high-performance, automated trading systems. Andre spent 2.5 years at Simplex, where he spearheaded efforts to develop AI-driven market-making algorithms. His FX pricing algorithms are used to trade 20-30% of all retail FX traded in Japan. His algorithms continue to be the most selected by Simplex’s FX dealers to drive their FX market-making systems.Andre spent 6 years as Head of Systematic Trading at Scotty D. Group (SDG), the largest private non-bank JGB option market-maker by volume. Prior to SDG, Andre ran the Global Statistical Equities Arbitrage book for Capital Markets Trading, a Chicago-based market-making group.Seth has over 10 years of investment banking operations experience at Goldman Sachs (GS), across New York, Tokyo, Moscow, and Salt Lake City.Seth was Head of Equity Derivatives Settlements Americas, managing complex derivatives settlements for US institutional clients. Before that, he managed Treasury and Liquidity operations for GS in Russia, obtaining expertise in payments and cash management functions for investment banks. Seth led the GS Asia Derivatives Prime Brokerage operations in Japan and Asia, successfully expanding the client base. He was also involved in initiatives with CLS and SWIFT, including enabling same-day settlement in CLS. Seth served on GS' Payment sub-committee, working on efforts to improve payment security, anti-fraud measures, and developing the firm's global payment policy.Katherine was the Commercial Director at Luxola Indonesia (acquired by Sephora-LVMH). Katherine spearheaded commercial initiatives across data-driven digital marketing channels to drive revenue across email, onsite, social media, paid ads, and partnerships.Previously, she was the Head of Marketing at GrabTaxi and GrabCar Indonesia (now known as Grab, Southeast Asia’s largest ride hailing app). Katherine was responsible for building and leading the marketing team, and helped ride volume grow more than 3x in the first quarter.Before Grab, Katherine served in the CEO Office of AirAsia (Asia’s largest low-cost airline) for 4 years, managing special projects in the AirAsia group across commercial operations, corporate strategy, policy development, and process improvement. She started her career as an investment banking analyst in ECM Libra Investment Bank.Senior Global Advisor Price Waterhouse Coopers InternationalFormer Representative Director and Deputy President Mitsubishi UFJ Financial GroupFormer Board Director Morgan StanleyAdvisor Japan Financial Services AgencyRepresentative Director, Chief Growth Officer Mistletoe Inc.Former SVP, Global Strategy SoftBank Group Corp.Former Chief Marketing Officer Yahoo! JapanInvestment Group Leader JAFCO Co., Ltd.Former Chairman International Bankers AssociationFormer Board Member Tokyo Stock Exchange, Inc.Former CEO, Japan Credit Suisse AGFormer Chairman Singapore Telecom GroupFormer Chairman Singapore Airlines LimitedFormer Chairman Development Bank of SingaporeFormer Board Director Temasek Holdings Private LimitedFormer Deputy Head of Global Government Relations PaypalFormer Vice President Visa Inc.Former Executive Office of the President of the United StatesFormer Foreign (Diplomatic) Service Officer * U.S. Department of StateExecutive Vice President & President of Media Group Yahoo! JapanFormer Director and Managing Executive Officer (CTO) Rakuten Inc.Executive Vice President & Chief Mobile Officer Yahoo! JapanSubscribe to stay on topof LIQUID's progress© 2017, LIQUIDliquid.plusProudly brought to youby QUOINENothing contained in the Site constitutes investment, legal or tax advice. Neither the information nor any opinion contained in the Site constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments. Decisions based on information contained on this site are the sole responsibility of the visitor. The materials in the Site are provided “AS IS” and without warranties of any kind (either express or implied). To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, any and all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, are disclaimed.
.I CyberMiles CyberMiles – Smart Contract for E-commerceTestnet – travis is activatedCyberMiles has built customized smart contract templates for e-commerce companies to deploy their business on the Blockchain with ease. Additionally, CyberMiles’ DPoS blockchain is fully compatible with Ethereum, which means that both Smart Contracts and Distributed Applications can be transferred to CyberMiles without changing any code.CyberMiles was built around the concept of optimal response to high e-commerce transaction demands, reaching 10,000 transactions per second (TPS).CyberMiles was built around the concept of optimal response to high e-commerce transaction demands. A Safe Mode and Unsafe Mode will also allow even higher TPS by reducing the number of nodes.For e-commerce businesses and their users, the safety of funds is a fundamental feature. To answer this financial security need, CyberMiles has implemented a protection defined as “pre-defense” and “post-recovery”.Costs and fees are a critical issue in e-commerce today. The CyberMiles blockchain waives transaction fees for most common operations. It achieves this without sacrificing security of the network.The RoadmapCyberMiles TodayExchangePartnersCounselGet the lastest Cybermiles news
.I Veritaseum       The Veritaseum PlatformVeritaseum Autonomous Distributed Interactive ResearchEconomic Rent FacilityParticipate in the Veritaseum PortfolioThe Veritaseum TeamVeritizing the WorldBuild the future with VeritaseumVeritaseum Autonomous Distributed Interactive ResearchAccess VeADIR hereAccess VeADIR tutorial hereAccess Veritaseum sample research hereVeritaseum Autonomous Dynamic Interactive ResearchEconomic Rent FacilityUse VERI tokens to gain access to the Financial Machine portfolioDeep dive forensic/fundamental analysis specifically for cryptosBackend administrator for the VeADIR portfolioAutonomous Veritas subtoken design and creationVeritaseum (VERI) StatisticsCoinmarket Cap Data for VeritaseumVeritaseum builds blockchain-based, peer-to-peer capital markets as software on a global scale. We enable the  seamless connection of parties and assets without the need for a third or authoritarian interest.Any entity with internet access can participate in these capital markets on a peer-to-peer and one-on-one basis.ERC 20 Contract#: 0x8f3470A7388c05eE4e7AF3d01D8C722b0FF52374Symbol: VERIDecimals: 18Built on ERC-20Veritaseum© 2018 Veritaseum, Inc. All Rights ReservedIMPORTANT!You must be holding more than 3,333 VERI, be an identifiable accredited investor, or be a member of a family office or qualified purchaser ($5M in assets or higher) to gain access to VeADIR beta.Veritaseum is creating a software powered by the Veritaseum token that aims to cut through the banking middleman for financial services. Veritaseum's product lines will enable global peer-to-peer capital markets at an unbelievable lower costs. The peer-to-peer transactions mean that there would no middleman between two parties to charge fee, etc. Veritaseum is essentially a FinTech company.
It is also creating smart contract-driven synthetic digital asset managers that aim to best the exposures and performance attempted by hedge funds, but at zero margin. It would compete with top hedge funds and asset managers who charge a large chunk of performance. As it is going to be machine driven with intelligence built-in, the investors can choose according to their investment style (risk appetite) and see their value changing. The aim to maximise the value of the pool without charging asset management or other fee.



.I Storm Join Players everywhere and be a part of the first decentralized gig economy. Participate in short surveys, try out new products, watch videos, and help finish small tasks to earn rewards in Storm Token, Bitcoin, or Ethereum.It’s easy, it’s free, and it requires absolutely no mining.Over a million Storm Players from nearly every country in the world earn rewards daily with the Storm apps. Use the apps to take on a variety of microtasks.New tasks are posted regularly, so check in often for opportunities to earn more cryptocurrency rewards.Whether you’re waiting in line for coffee or commuting on the bus, start getting rewarded for killing time.From taking surveys to trying new products, tasks are always quick and easy to complete right from your phone.Every task you complete helps you earn the cryptocurrency reward of your choice, including Storm Token, Bitcoin, or Ethereum.Get paid whenever you want in the cryptocurrency of your choice with Storm’s private, immediate and secure payments.© Copyright 2018 StormX, Inc. All Rights ReservedStorm (STORM) - A gamified micro-task platform.
Project website
ICO start date: 2017-10-20
Storm Market is a gamified micro-task platform that is changing the way that people all around the world earn with one simple motto: earn from anywhere, at anytime, from any device. Blockchain enables micro-transactions to be carried out in a timely and efficient manner. StormX, Inc. has a history of success amassing over 1 million downloads across 187 different countries. The focus of establishing a human-centric interface has resulted in a gamifield platform that promotes an engaging user experience that encourages active participation within the STORM Community. Storm Market is utilizing blockchain technology to create more earning opportunities for users all around the world. Types of earning opportunities that will be available to users will include QA testing, machine learning, and P2P freelancing tasks.
More information in the project whitepaper: https://stormtoken.com/pdf/STORM_Token_White_Paper_Market_Research_Network_Development_v2.21.pdf
Telegram
Twitter
Slack
Facebook
Blog
Linkedin
Project website
https://tokenmarket.net/blockchain/ethereum/assets/storm/



.I Centrality Developing a peer to peer
marketplace01 —— Value PropositionWe’re a venture studio that partners with leading innovators in key industries to create a marketplace of applications. These applications allow consumers to manage everyday tasks and experiences using peer-to-peer transactions – all via one login and using blockchain-enabled infrastructure.We’re one of the leading, blockchain venture studios in the world, with a growing team of 75 people across Auckland, London, Melbourne and Singapore. We’re backed by a global investor network who understand our vision – to help the world transition to a blockchain-enabled future.02 —— Not just hype03 —— Our Technology04 —— Token LaunchWe’ve always been committed to running a responsible launch campaign, which is the reason we assigned a hard cap of $100,000,000 to both our pre, and main sales. We believe this is enough to deliver our goal of ‘creating tomorrow together’.After completely selling out our token in record time, we know that there are investors who missed out. We’re now encouraging those with funds remaining in the Blockhaus sales app to leave them there, as the announcement of our next big token sale is only weeks away.Together, we’ve become one of the top 10 ICOs of all time. We like to thank our partners and support network for their commitment to our vision. Stay tuned, we have many more exciting announcements in our immediate pipeline.
				About our token             FAQs  05 —— Our AdvisorsDeveloping a peer to peer marketplace01 —— Value PropositionWe’re a venture studio that partners with leading innovators in key industries to create a marketplace of applications. These applications allow consumers to manage everyday tasks and experiences using peer-to-peer transactions – all via one login and using blockchain-enabled infrastructure.We’re one of the leading, blockchain venture studios in the world, with a growing team of 75 people across Auckland, London,  Melbourne and Singapore. We’re backed by a global investor network who understand our vision – to help the world transition to a blockchain-enabled future.02 —— Not Just Hype03 —— Our Technology04 —— Token LaunchWe’ve always been committed to running a responsible launch campaign, which is the reason we assigned a hard cap of $100,000,000 to both our pre, and main sales. We believe this is enough to deliver our goal of ‘creating tomorrow together’.After completely selling out our token in record time, we know that there are investors who missed out. We’re now encouraging those with funds remaining in the Blockhaus sales app to leave them there, as the announcement of our next big token sale is only weeks away.Together, we’ve become one of the top 10 ICOs of all time. We like to thank our partners and support network for their commitment to our vision. Stay tuned, we have many more exciting announcements in our immediate pipeline.
				FAQs
05 —— Our AdvisorsDeveloping a peer to peer marketplace.
Email




Subscribe

More.                     Our Team Careers   Privacy Policy FAQContact.               social@centrality.ai 5/48 Emily Place, Auckland, NZSocials.
.I Dragonchain Dragonchain is a cryptocurrency using the Dragon Tokens as a means of payment for commercial services on the blockchain platform. 
Dragonchain was originally developed at Disney’s Seattle office in 2015 and 2016 as the Disney Private Blockchain Platform. The platform was later released as open 2 source software under the Apache 2 license in October of 2016. The ICO start date was on October 2nd, 2017.[1]
Dragonchain describes itself as a"chain of business magic." The developers claim that they have created"the safest, most flexible, ready-made business platform". Like many companies in the blockchain industry, Dragonchain serves its platform for companies that have heard about the benefits of blockchain technology, but are not sure how to implement blockchain in their existing systems. With this in mind, Dragonchain has created a secure, scalable, decentralized platform that can be implemented in any business.
The platform was originally developed by Disney employees in 2015 and 2016, and was later released as open-source software at the end of 2016. Today, developers Dragonchain are eager to introduce this platform to companies worldwide as a solution "turnkey" blockchain. Where did the name "Dragonchain" come from? With the participation of Disney was wondering whether the Dragons any value, since they are related to their tokens as dragons. Joe Roets said:
Dragonchain's core platform is built on a scalable serverless platform with built-in business data protection. It is designed to be developer friendly.
Dragonchain incubator provides customers with early access to projects. These projects are supported by an ecosystem of subject matter experts and blockchain enthusiasts.
Dragonchain market consists of an ecosystem of ready-made library smart contracts, qualified suppliers, specialized experts and incubated projects. This component provides enterprises with access to critical resources through the open market.
Enterprises retain full control over their data when using the Dragonchain platform. Sensitive business logic and intelligent contract functionality are retained in the property. Obviously, this is a serious problem for many companies as they seek to implement blockchain technology.
Dragonchain provides a commercial platform for application developers to rapidly and securely deploy blockchain applications while maintaining existing language development environments (e.g. Java, Python, Node, C#, Go). The objective is to provide a significant cost and speed to market advantage​. The Dragonchain architecture is also designed to allow nodes to handle approval of transactions based upon five levels of network consensus to provide a spectrum of trust to data consumers; a level of security and flexibility unseen in the market by current blockchain solution providers. These design attributes​ ​position​ ​Dragonchain​ ​for​ ​exponential​ ​growth​[2].
More information can be found in the project whitepaper: https://dragonchain.com/assets/Dragonchain_Business_Summary.pdf



.I Matrix AI Net... The invention of Bitcoin in 2008 symbolized the advent of cryptocurrency. The succeeding years witnessed a dramatic growth of the blockchain technology. The introduction of Ethereum opened the path for supporting complex business behaviors with cryptocurrencies. The overall momentum of development, however, is now facing a series of key challenges. These include: (1) slow transaction speed; (2) Smart contracts programming barriers; (3) lack of security in smart contracts; and (4) inflexibilities in managing and updating blockchains. Designed to be the new generation blockchain, MATRIX leverages the latest artificial intelligence technology to resolve the abovementioned challenges. The fusion of blockchain and AI technologies enables MATRIX to build a revolutionary cryptocurrency, which supports significantly boosted transaction speed, superior accessibility to general users, enhanced security under malicious attacks, and highly flexible operations.INTELLIGENT CONTRACTNo programming; available for everyone;AEGISAI protection; automatic sniffing holes; make your assets more secure.WORMHOLE NETWORKFaster Blockchain Network with one million transactions per second, even better than VisaDARWINIAN EVOLUTIONAlways adapt to market demand; natural evolution; never forkedFive Minutes To Understand MATRIXMEDIA COVERAGE2016.09The project was officially launched2017.01Complete the first edition of artificial intelligence Bayesian inference machine design.2017.05Complete blockchain design based on Artificial Intelligence.2017.07The first edition of artificial intelligence inference machine test completed.2017.09Completed the exhibition of artificial intelligence Demo.2018.09Age of Genesis / Initialization / Infrastructure / Private chain / Inter-chain transaction2018.12Age of Speed / Light Speed Network / AI-enabled PoS+PoW consensus / Random generation of delegates nodes / Evolutionary parameter optimization2019.04Age of Civilization / AI-secured Intelligent Contracts / Formal verification / AI based proactive protection / AI created autonomous constitution2020.01Age of Wonder / Mining & Applications / Mining ICs / Computing/mining facility / Big data applicationsTEAM LEADERSSteve DengChief AI ScientistProf. Deng is an associative professor of School of Software, Tsinghua University, where he has been a faculty member since 2008. Prior to Tsinghua, he was with Magma Design Automation as a consulting technical staff. He received his Ph.D. degree from Carnegie Mellon University and completed his ME and BE studies at Tsinghua University. His research interests include machine learning, industry data analytics, and computer architecture. He has been the PI or Co-PI for numerous national level research projects. Since 2016, he has been the Vice Principle Architect of China Railway Rollingstock Corporation’s Prognostics Health Management for High-Speed Trains Project, which focuses on leveraging modern machine learning techniques to revolutionize the operation and maintenance of railway vehicles. His book, Structural IC Design and High Level Synthesis, was adopted as the textbook of IC design by Tsinghua and many other universities. His work on deep learning based image detection was ranked #1 in many prestigious challenges (e.g. PASCAL VOC and COCO). He is the author or co- author of over 50 papers. He received many awards, including a best paper award on International Conference on Computer Design 2013, NVIDIA partnership professor Award, and Tsinghua Key Talent Award. He is in charge of designing machine learning algorithms and hardware architectures for the MATRIX blockchain.Prof. Deng is an associative professor of School of Software, Tsinghua University, where he has been a faculty member since 2008. Prior to Tsinghua, he was with Magma Design Automation as a consulting technical staff. He received his Ph.D. degree from Carnegie Mellon University and completed his ME and BE studies at Tsinghua University. His research interests include machine learning, industry data analytics, and computer architecture. He has been the PI or Co-PI for numerous national level research projects. Since 2016, he has been the Vice Principle Architect of China Railway Rollingstock Corporation’s Prognostics Health Management for High-Speed Trains Project, which focuses on leveraging modern machine learning techniques to revolutionize the operation and maintenance of railway vehicles. His book, Structural IC Design and High Level Synthesis, was adopted as the textbook of IC design by Tsinghua and many other universities. His work on deep learning based image detection was ranked #1 in many prestigious challenges (e.g. PASCAL VOC and COCO). He is the author or co- author of over 50 papers. He received many awards, including a best paper award on International Conference on Computer Design 2013, NVIDIA partnership professor Award, and Tsinghua Key Talent Award. He is in charge of designing machine learning algorithms and hardware architectures for the MATRIX blockchain.Read moreBill LiChief Network ArchitectMr. Li is a leading expert of communication and IC design. He is a major contributor of many 4G, 4.5G(NB-IoT) and 5G standards of China. He was the chief architect of China’s first WiFi transceiver IC. As a Co-PI, he led the design of the dispatch communication system of China’s first aircraft carrier. His work on communication IC designs won numerous national awards. His book, Communication IC Design, was the best-selling textbook in this area and is used by many prestigious universities. He will lead the architecture design of the MATRIX blockchain.Mr. Li is a leading expert of communication and IC design. He is a major contributor of many 4G, 4.5G(NB-IoT) and 5G standards of China. He was the chief architect of China’s first WiFi transceiver IC. As a Co-PI, he led the design of the dispatch communication system of China’s first aircraft carrier. His work on communication IC designs won numerous national awards. His book, Communication IC Design, was the best-selling textbook in this area and is used by many prestigious universities. He will lead the architecture design of the MATRIX blockchain.Read moreTim ShiChief Chip ScientistDr. Shi is a veteran of the semiconductor industry. Prior to joining MATRIX, he was a Principal System Architect of AMD and also responsible for the technology partnership of AMD with companies and universities in greater China. Before this position, he held various position at different leading international IC companies such as Synopsys and ARM. Dr. Shi was also with Samsung Semiconductor as a senior chip design engineer (based at Samsung’s headquarters in Korea). Dr. Shi received his Ph.D. degree from the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 2005.Dr. Shi is a veteran of the semiconductor industry. Prior to joining MATRIX, he was a Principal System Architect of AMD and also responsible for the technology partnership of AMD with companies and universities in greater China. Before this position, he held various position at different leading international IC companies such as Synopsys and ARM. Dr. Shi was also with Samsung Semiconductor as a senior chip design engineer (based at Samsung’s headquarters in Korea). Dr. Shi received his Ph.D. degree from the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 2005.Read moreOwen TaoCEOMr. Tao received the bachelor degree in the double-major (physics and economics) program of Peking University. Holding the CEO positions in several high-tech startup companies, he has rich experience in managing product development. He supervised the development of the 3D virtual community, China’s first embedded game advertising system and other Internet technology products. He also has strong skills in product operation and promotion. He led the development and operation of China’s first cross- border e-commerce platform, which attracted 20 million users around the world. As the CEO of MATRIX, Mr. Tao is responsible for strategic decision making and product positioning.Mr. Tao received the bachelor degree in the double-major (physics and economics) program of Peking University. Holding the CEO positions in several high-tech startup companies, he has rich experience in managing product development. He supervised the development of the 3D virtual community, China’s first embedded game advertising system and other Internet technology products. He also has strong skills in product operation and promotion. He led the development and operation of China’s first cross- border e-commerce platform, which attracted 20 million users around the world. As the CEO of MATRIX, Mr. Tao is responsible for strategic decision making and product positioning.Read moreADVISERSDR. DONGLIN WANGDr. Wang is the director of National ASIC Design Center, Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences. From 2009 to 2015 he served as the president of , Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences. He was also on the advisory board of China’s Core Electronic Devices, High-end Generic Chips and Basic Software Project. He received two Second Class National Science and Technology Progress Awards and one First Class Defense Science and Technology Progress Awards. He was voted as the Expert with Outstanding Contributions to China’s Defense Science and Technology. Dr. Wang will provide strategic and technical advisory services to MATRIX’s AI algorithms and chip development.Dr. Wang is the director of National ASIC Design Center, Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences. From 2009 to 2015 he served as the president of , Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences. He was also on the advisory board of China’s Core Electronic Devices, High-end Generic Chips and Basic Software Project. He received two Second Class National Science and Technology Progress Awards and one First Class Defense Science and Technology Progress Awards. He was voted as the Expert with Outstanding Contributions to China’s Defense Science and Technology. Dr. Wang will provide strategic and technical advisory services to MATRIX’s AI algorithms and chip development.Read moreTONY SURTEESMr. Surtees is the founder and CEO of cloud-based content management platform Hyperlocalizer Pty Ltd. He has a high profile in the media, consumer and B2B industry sectors, he plays. His roles have included general management, strategy, marketing and operations in large public companies in Australia, Asia and the United States. He has also been an investor and mentor to managers in early stage private internet and technology businesses. At Yahoo Inc. (USA), Mr. Surtees launched new Commerce Group business units across 13 countries and was responsible for the launch of Yahoo Shopping. Mr. Surtees has a Master of Science in Management from the Stanford Graduate School of Business, a Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com) marketing major from the University of New South Wales, and a Company Director Diploma from the University of New England.Mr. Surtees is the founder and CEO of cloud-based content management platform Hyperlocalizer Pty Ltd. He has a high profile in the media, consumer and B2B industry sectors, he plays. His roles have included general management, strategy, marketing and operations in large public companies in Australia, Asia and the United States. He has also been an investor and mentor to managers in early stage private internet and technology businesses. At Yahoo Inc. (USA), Mr. Surtees launched new Commerce Group business units across 13 countries and was responsible for the launch of Yahoo Shopping. Mr. Surtees has a Master of Science in Management from the Stanford Graduate School of Business, a Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com) marketing major from the University of New South Wales, and a Company Director Diploma from the University of New England.Read moreJUNLING NIUNiu Junling, Partner, Board Member, and Investment Committee Member of Hua Capital and CEO of Hua Digital. Mr. Niu has over 20 years experience in financial investment and global asset allocation including extensive experience in the US Stock market, A-shares, the Hong Kong Stock Market, futures, options, and digital assets. He is also well versed in market value management, cross-border M&A;, fund management and asset transactions. Mr. Niu has worked for Goldstone Investment of Citic Securities and the HNA Group. He manages funds worth over RMB 40 billion. He is an early follower and investor in the blockchain industry, and has successfully invested in Bitmain, Elastos, BCC and other blockchain projects.Niu Junling, Partner, Board Member, and Investment Committee Member of Hua Capital and CEO of Hua Digital. Mr. Niu has over 20 years experience in financial investment and global asset allocation including extensive experience in the US Stock market, A-shares, the Hong Kong Stock Market, futures, options, and digital assets. He is also well versed in market value management, cross-border M&A;, fund management and asset transactions. Mr. Niu has worked for Goldstone Investment of Citic Securities and the HNA Group. He manages funds worth over RMB 40 billion. He is an early follower and investor in the blockchain industry, and has successfully invested in Bitmain, Elastos, BCC and other blockchain projects.Read moreDr. JINGYANG WANGDr. Jinyang Wang MATRIX Chief Intellectual Property Advisor. Mr. Wang received a Bachelor of Science degree in Automatic Control from Harbin Engineering University in 1982. In 1985, he was the first batch of patent attorneys after the implementation of the Chinese Patent Law. Has long been engaged in technology development and scientific and technological management, worked in the four computer company executives, former Beijing Ji Kai wisdom property rights limited liability company manager, has a wealth of intellectual property rights management experience and experience, especially good at computer, application Electronic and communications field of patent writing, in the review, invalid, infringement litigation and corporate patent strategy and other aspects of the deployment of a wealth of experience for a large number of Chinese and foreign customers with a satisfactory professional legal services. Mr. Wang is currently a number of the domestic listed companies intellectual property rights legal adviser, is the China National Patent Attorneys Association and the China Intellectual Property Association. Mr. Wang will create a complete intellectual property protection system for MATRIX.Dr. Jinyang Wang MATRIX Chief Intellectual Property Advisor. Mr. Wang received a Bachelor of Science degree in Automatic Control from Harbin Engineering University in 1982. In 1985, he was the first batch of patent attorneys after the implementation of the Chinese Patent Law. Has long been engaged in technology development and scientific and technological management, worked in the four computer company executives, former Beijing Ji Kai wisdom property rights limited liability company manager, has a wealth of intellectual property rights management experience and experience, especially good at computer, application Electronic and communications field of patent writing, in the review, invalid, infringement litigation and corporate patent strategy and other aspects of the deployment of a wealth of experience for a large number of Chinese and foreign customers with a satisfactory professional legal services. Mr. Wang is currently a number of the domestic listed companies intellectual property rights legal adviser, is the China National Patent Attorneys Association and the China Intellectual Property Association. Mr. Wang will create a complete intellectual property protection system for MATRIX.Read moreASSOCIATIONPARTNERSSTRATEGIC CONTRIBUTORSEXCHANGEFAQFAQWHAT IS MATRIX?MATRIX is an open-source blockchain platform that supports smart contracts and machine learning services. With its infrastructure re-built with artificial intelligence (AI) techniques, MATRIX revolutionizes the user experience of executing smart contracts by making the whole process faster, easier, and safer. MATRIX offers breakthrough technologies in building highly flexible blockchain networks, which support adaptive self-optimization and multi-chain collaboration. In addition to refactoring the blockchain with AI, MATRIX also allows its mining power to serve its AI based big data applications.WHAT ARE MAIN FEATURES OF MATRIX?Thanks to the fast-growing AI technologies, MATRIX offers unique features as follows.
							1. EASIER: Allowing everybody to design smart contracts without explicit programming skills.
							2. SAFER: Making blockchains more robust under malicious attacks.
							3. FASTER: Enabling faster transactions and higher processing throughput.
							4. MORE FLEXIBLE: Seamless integration of public and private chains with the capability of adaptive optimization.WHAT IS MATRIX's CONSENSUS MECHANISM?MATRIX adopts a unique hybrid PoS + PoW consensus mechanism. The PoW is performed in a significantly smaller network of delegates, which are selected with a randomly distributed voting algorithm. The probability of a node to be selected is proportional to its PoS. The “winner” delegate shares the PoW reward with other nodes in its cluster.DOES MATRIX HAVE A MINING MACHINE?Due to the random nature of MCMC computations, the mining computing of MATRIX is better supported by dedicated stochastic hardware. The first generation of mining machine, a Bayesian reasoning machine, was already designed and prototyped. The prototyping design will be integrated as a single IC chip in the timeframe of two years.CONTACT USCopyright © 2018 MATRIX Foundation
.I Enigma Enigma is a blockchain-based protocol that uses groundbreaking privacy technologies to enable scalable, end-to-end decentralized applications. Blockchains are a revolutionary technology, but they are still held back by fundamental limitations. To build truly decentralized applications that can achieve global adoption, we need protocols like Enigma that solve these challenges.Data on the blockchain is accessible by anyone, making storing sensitive data impossible. This restricts the number of applications for blockchains.Computing on the blockchain is too slow and expensive. Storing and computing over very large amounts of data on the blockchain is not feasible.The promise of Enigma lies in its unique technology that protects privacy of data while still allowing for computation over that data.Enigma’s protocol is based on innovative privacy technologies first described in 2015 in our cofounder’s MIT thesis. With Enigma, "smart contracts" become "secret contracts", where input data is kept hidden from nodes in the Enigma network that execute code. Without this functionality to protect sensitive data, blockchains and smart contracts are either useless or not truly decentralized. Enigma is the missing piece to a decentralized future.The Enigma protocol will power an ecosystem of truly decentralized, world-changing applications.The Enigma privacy protocol allows for decentralized computation of sensitive data.On this protocol, dozens of platforms such as data marketplaces and AI exchanges can be built.This enables thousands of truly decentralized apps that require private computation and secure data.Enigma’s privacy protocol unlocks billions of dollars in value for individuals and industry. Here are just a few examples of fields our protocol can completely reshape.Users can collectively and independently monetize their data while still keeping it private from companies who wish to perform analysis, restoring power to individuals.Healthcare companies can provide data to researchers without compromising its privacy, allowing for more discoveries and innovation.Borrowers can establish their trustworthiness in a decentralized banking system without exposing their data directly to lenders, unlocking growth for lending ecosystems. Value is created through decentralized data marketplaces for the rapidly growing Internet of Things. These marketplaces will require privacy for off-chain computations to be successful at scale.Catalyst is the first application to be built on the Enigma protocol, already active with tens of thousands of users. Catalyst is a revolutionary platform for data-driven cryptoasset investing and research, built for professional crypto traders.For other inquiries, email [email protected]Enigma is a cryptocurrency that is focused on privacy. 

Enigma is a privacy protocol that enables decentralized applications. Enigma Catalyst is the first application built on the Enigma protocol. 
Cryptocurrency list
Official Website



.I Nuls The smart contract is one of the modules defined in NULS.Join NULS developer communityBuilding all-dimensional blockchain-ecology with global partners As part of the NULS ecosystem plan, we will create new business opportunities for growth by innovating and advancing the technology. Let us come together and revolutionize the world with our advanced modular blockchain technology.Nuls is a cryptocurrency that is focused on building a customizable universal public blockchain infrastructure.

NULS is making use of smart contracts so that NULS becomes a programmable blockchain.
Cryptocurrency list
Official Website



.I Kin 
                        Digital services, such as chat apps and social networks, are bringing together communications, information, and commerce in new and unprecedented ways. 
                    
                        For future generations, digital services will be a natural and core aspect of their daily lives. 
                    
                        We believe that a broad group of participants can come together to create an open ecosystem of tools for digital communication and commerce that prioritizes consumer experience. That’s why Kin was created.
                    
                Kik announces cryptocurrency as a first step to launching a decentralized ecosystem of digital services
            
                Token sale concludes, raising nearly $100M from 10,026 individuals across 117 countries
            
                Kik begins Kin integration
            
                Select digital services join Kin Ecosystem
            
                Launch of Kin Rewards Engine
            
                    Join our mailing list to stay informed.
                Kin (KIN) - A decentralized ecosystem of digital services for daily life.
Project website
ICO start date: 2017-09-12
Kik Interactive Inc. created a cryptocurrency called Kin as a first step to launching a decentralized ecosystem of digital services. The Kin cryptocurrency will first power a digital economy inside of Kik, and then will serve as the basis of interoperability with other digital services in the Kin Ecosystem.
More information can be found in the project whitepaper: https://kin.kik.com/Kin%20Whitepaper%20v1.pdf
The Kin Rewards Engine (KRE) is a built-in incentive mechanism of the Kin ecosystem, paying out daily rewards to creators based on usage of digital services that utilise Kin. 60% of the total Kin supply has been dedicated to the KRE, with a planned emission of 0.061% of the remaining reserves each day after launching in Q3 2018. Of the newly issued Kin, 75% will be used as rewards and the remaining 25% as a marketing and operations budget for the Kin Foundation. The amount of Kin that a service is rewarded will depend on its contribution to the overall economy.[1]
Kin is an open-source project with a collection of public repositories available on the Kin Foundation Github page. 
Mobile SDKs for Kin are available for Android and iOS devices. A Python SDK is also available for other platforms.
Kin community and 3rd-party project development can be found on the Kin Community Github page, including demo apps for Kin integration in Stack Overflow and Instagram.
Kin is actively traded as a cryptocurrency pair on international exchanges, including:



.I ZCoin In order to solve the “double spending problem”, all transactions on Bitcoin must be stored on a public ledger.Notable studies have shown that the same techniques used to analyze social network topology can be used to analyze Bitcoin’s network topology.Anyone can use the public ledger to break privacy, including powerful corporations and institutions such as the NSA.With Zcoin’s Zerocoin Technology, you can “mint” a coin found on the public ledger into a private coinWhen it is time to spend your minted coin, the owner of the minted coin does not need to be revealedThe process of minting and spending a coin can be completed as many times as you want, ensuring complete privacyZcoin is the first full implementation of the Zerocoin Protocol, which allows users to have complete privacy via Zero-Knowledge cryptographic proofs. It is worth noting that Zcoin is unrelated to other cryptocurrencies utilizing the Zerocash Protocol. Although Zerocash is a development from Zerocoin, their respective implementations are not simple forks of each other, but rely on different cryptographic assumptions with various tradeoffs. Both approaches supplement each other quite nicely, and a good way to describe them would be sibling projects.The Zerocoin Protocol is being actively researched and improved, such as by a new extension that when implemented would hide transactions and address balances.Talk to usTWITTERFACEBOOKYOUTUBEREDDITYOUKUTELEGRAMWe would like to welcome Aram Jivanyan as a cryptography advisor to our team! Aram is a cryptographer turned CEO. He is the founding CEO of Skycryptor, Techstars company pioneering…Upgrade to Zcoin Core 0.13.5.8 Originally intended to be an optional upgrade, we now encourage everyone to install version 0.13.5.8. After the release of the new version an edge case involving…We would like to welcome Martun Karapetyan to the Zcoin team! He is a rare combination, with a PhD in cryptography, having worked as a senior cryptography researcher at the…A paper titled  “Burning Zerocoins for fun and profit” was published that discussed several vulnerabilities of the original Zerocoin library. There was a bug that allowed inflation, which was patched and…Zerocoin technology ensures that Zcoin's transactions are kept completely privateJoin us on discord to stay updated on our project. Ask us any questions and learn about our bug bounty program.Have any questions? Want to get involved with the Zcoin Project? We'd love to hear from you. (function() {
	if (!window.mc4wp) {
		window.mc4wp = {
			listeners: [],
			forms    : {
				on: function (event, callback) {
					window.mc4wp.listeners.push({
						event   : event,
						callback: callback
					});
				}
			}
		}
	}
})();Leave this field empty if you’re human: © 2018 Zcoin. All rights reserved.Zcoin - Private financial transactions, enabled by the Zerocoin Protocol
.I iExec RLC All about the upcoming Version 2 release: “The Dragon in the Clouds”All about the upcoming Version 2 release: “The Dragon in the Clouds”iExec provides distributed applications running on the blockchain (DApps) a scalable, secure and easy access to the services, data-sets, and computing resources they need.Our technology relies on Ethereum, which allows us to build a virtual Cloud infrastructure that provides high-performance computing services on demand.As a Developer, you can use iExec to overcome blockchain limitations, by executing your computations on a new distributed infrastructure.As a Provider, you can lend your machine power and monetize it by executing developer applications.As an Investor, you can get into the world of crypto-economy by holding or trading your RLC tokens whenever you want.RLC is the native token of the iExec cloud platform. In exchange of RLC tokens, users can utilize the network to rent servers, data and applications.Usage of Big Data and High Performance Computing (HPC) applications and the infrastructures to run them is a necessity for the design of innovative products and services.HPC is too complex and too expensive for innovative SMEs and individuals. iExec provides on-demand, secure and scalable access to an unlimited set of computing resources (CPU, storage, GPU) .Our technology is based on XtremWeb-HEP, a software for parallel and distributed computing used in production in the public domain for more than 10 years (signal processing, image, high energy physics, aeronautics, finance, etc.)iExec relies on the Ethereum blockchain to organize a global P2P market, where providers compete to rent their resources. This lowers the cost of IT and provides better energy efficiency.iExec Dev Letter #19: Intel and RSK Collaborations, New Whitepaper, Submit Button, 6 New DApps for Scientific Computing — May 17, 2018   On May 29, iExec will release its V2 product at Blockshow Europe in Berlin. In this version, we’re introducing a new element that will become central to the iExec cloud: the marketplace. This release marks … <a href="https://iex.ec/news/iexec-dev-letter-19-intel-and-rsk-collaborations-new-whitepaper-submit-button-6-new-dapps-for-scientific-computing%e2%80%8a-%e2%80%8amay-17-2018/">Continued</a>Intel and iExec have started a collaboration on privacy-preserving offchain computing. In a joint presentation with Intel, iExec has performed a live demonstration of its product using Intel SGXsolutions.     EEA’s Offchain Working Group Led by Intel and iExec iExec, the leader in blockchain-based decentralized cloud computing has been making efforts to deploy several mechanisms … <a href="https://iex.ec/news/intel-and-iexec-collaboration-privacy-preserving-offchain-computing/">Continued</a>The RSK project is continuing the legacy of Bitcoin pioneers by building turing-complete smart-contract capabilities for the Bitcoin blockchain. By partnering with iExec, RSK pushes these capabilities further by allowing its decentralized applications to access on-demand and scalable cloud computing resources. Smart contracts are coming to Bitcoin The world of smart contracts has emerged in … <a href="https://iex.ec/news/rsk-and-iexec-collaborate-together-to-provide-off-chain-computing-to-bitcoin-applications/">Continued</a>This week, we celebrated the first anniversary of the RLC token’s release on mainnet. Now, one year later, we are edging closer to iExec Version 2. This is a major release for the team and this Dev Letter will introduce its various innovations that have never been seen before in cloud computing. V2: “The Dragon … <a href="https://iex.ec/news/iexec-dev-letter-18-v2-the-dragon-in-the-clouds%e2%80%8a-%e2%80%8aapril-23-2018/">Continued</a>The Ubisoft Start-Up Program Explores Opportunities of Blockchain Technologies and Augmented Reality for the Entertainment Industry   Full Medium Post : https://medium.com/iex-ec/iexec-and-ubisoft-collaboration-start-up-program-at-station-f-ff43d3885523  Ubisoft Press Release : https://www.ubisoft.com/en-US/company/start-ups/station-f.aspx    PARIS, FRANCE — April 19, 2018 — Today, Ubisoft announced four participants in the second season of its start-up program at Station F, the world’s largest start-up campus. Inaugurated last year and led … <a href="https://iex.ec/news/iexec-and-ubisoft-collaboration-start-up-program-at-station-f/">Continued</a>Find insights, discuss and contribute on our own Slack.Subscribe to our newsletter to receive exclusive news and announcements.Please check your email address to confirm your subscription.15 Rue des Cuirassiers 69003 Lyon, FranceAll Rights Reserved 2016-2018Redirect to:


.I WAX 
First and Last Name


What questions would you like the WAX newsletter to answer?


What topics would you like the WAX newsletter to cover?


Submit
Get in on the discussion with our 25,000+ Telegram subscribers
          WAX is a decentralized platform that enables anyone to operate a fully functioning virtual marketplace with zero investment in security, infrastructure, or payment processing. Developed by the founders of OPSkins, the world’s leading marketplace for online video game assets, WAX is designed to serve the 400+ million online players who already collect, buy and sell in-game items.
        
          Harnessing the power of blockchain technology, WAX Tokens are utility tokens that allow virtual goods - and not just for use in video games - to easily be tokenized and exchanged for cryptocurrency. The smart contract underlying the transaction acts as the mechanism that permits trustless trading between buyers and sellers. The WAX Platform will allow millions of traders to create their own virtual stores on one decentralized platform, providing instant payments, security, and trust services that will bring millions of new participants into a growing ecosystem. 
        WAX enables a new generation of virtual asset traders, similar to how earlier online marketplaces enabled entrepreneurs to become power sellers.Start or join Guilds that self-govern and oversee transactions specifically for your favorite game or game server, and receive rewards for your involvement.By reviewing and facilitating transactions, WAX members can earn significant fees.  With more fees earned, there will be more tokens available for using and accessing the entire ecosystem.WAX members familiar with assets and pricing for their favorite games can offer appraisal services to marketplaces in need of valuation and verification services.Entrepreneurial designers and makers will be able to create virtual assets and offer them for sale in their individual marketplaces.
              The WAX Platform is a global virtual item repository, accessible to anyone, that provides a complete catalog of all items available for sale in real time. This provides users of WAX with  access to a worldwide market, with all the advantages of blockchain technology.
            
              WAX’s Partners help to make our ecosystem feature-rich, secure, and optimized for all users. Like all of us at WAX, our Partners love working to decentralize and democratize the world through groundbreaking technology, empowering our users to benefit proportionally to their contributions. If your organization shares those values, we'd love to hear from you.
            
.I ChainLink Easily connect smart contracts to your web application, any API, and widely accepted USD payments.Connect your Ethereum smart contracts to critical data feeds, any web API and variouswidely accepted payment methods.Have external events send bitcoin transactions as payment, or use bitcoin addresses to sign off on various data.Connect your Hyperledger smart contracts to critical data feeds, any web API and manywidely accepted payment methods.Thank you! Your submission has been received!Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form
.I Electroneum ICO closes early due to reaching $40m hard cap. Over 120,000 contributors.Signed agreements giving access to over 100m users.Loading live ETN users. Over $750m (USD) of ETN traded in first 40 days. ETN Market Cap $800m+ (USD).Mobile miner launched on Android.
Electroneum aims for 10s or even 100s of millions of users and has a clearly defined route to market.We have signed agreements in place giving access to over 100m smartphone users via mobile operators (the companies that provide airtime and data to your smartphone).Electroneum is also the first cryptocurrency to secure membership of the GSMA as part of our strategy to expand via this sector.The viral appeal of Electroneum is immense. When a user downloads the Electroneum app they can experience mining their first Electroneum coins straight into their wallet in minutes. By allowing users to earn a handful of ETN coins per month for just being part of the Electroneum community, we can quickly grow Electroneum to be the largest used cryptocurrency in the world.Electroneum aims for 10s or even 100s of millions of users and has a clearly defined route to market.We have signed agreements in place giving access to over 100m smartphone users via mobile operators (the companies that provide airtime and data to your smartphone).Electroneum is also the first cryptocurrency to secure membership of the GSMA as part of our strategy to expand via this sector.The viral appeal of Electroneum is immense. When a user downloads the Electroneum app they can experience mining their first Electroneum coins straight into their wallet in minutes. By allowing users to earn a handful of ETN coins per month for just being part of the Electroneum community, we can quickly grow Electroneum to be the largest used cryptocurrency in the world.The key to mass adoption is to not just ensure people can access your currency. You must ensure the currency has utility.Once users have Electroneum in their wallets they will start to want to experience spending cryptocurrency for the first time. That’s where the second benefit of our partnerships with mobile operators makes all the difference.Our partners have agreed to begin the process of accepting Electroneum as payment from their customers. We are currently in negotiation with some enormous global brands who have expressed strong interest in adding Electroneum digital payments to the list of 'ways to pay'.We already have signed agreements in place to develop Electroneum payment integration for over 1.2 million agents, dealers and distributors in over 9 countries and have many more in negotiation.As with all disruptive technology, the market’s entrepreneurial spirit will find ways to accept and use Electroneum as our numbers of users grow into the 10s of millions.By making our currency available to millions of people, and allowing those people to spend our currency, we’re poised to take cryptocurrency further than it has ever been.The key to mass adoption is to not just ensure people can access your currency. You must ensure the currency has utility.Once users have Electroneum in their wallets they will start to want to experience spending cryptocurrency for the first time. That’s where the second benefit of our partnerships with mobile operators makes all the difference.Our partners have agreed to begin the process of accepting Electroneum as payment from their customers. We are currently in negotiation with some enormous global brands who have expressed strong interest in adding Electroneum digital payments to the list of 'ways to pay'.We already have signed agreements in place to develop Electroneum payment integration for over 1.2 million agents, dealers and distributors in over 9 countries and have many more in negotiation.As with all disruptive technology, the market’s entrepreneurial spirit will find ways to accept and use Electroneum as our numbers of users grow into the 10s of millions.By making our currency available to millions of people, and allowing those people to spend our currency, we’re poised to take cryptocurrency further than it has ever been.Registered UsersTelegram MembersElectroneum Ltd is formed and officially takes control of the Electroneum project.ICO opens and is set to run until 1st November 2017. ETN Priced at $0.01c (USD)ICO closes early due to reaching $40m hard cap. Over 120,000 contributors.HackerOne (US Dept. Defence) engaged to audit Electroneuem's security.Electroneum's wallet manager officially launched and Android app released in 20 languages.Agreement signed with Xius taking our mobile user reach to 65m users.Ask community for BETA testers for mobile miner. 45,000 detailed applications in 72 hours. Launched BETA Android mobile miner.First cryptocurrency to join the GSMA as a member. Invited to appear at Mobile World Congress 2018 in Barcelona.Signed Agreements with Effortel (5m user reach), Fanfare (1m user reach) and BMedia (20m user reach) bringing our total user reach to 91m users.HitBTC (top 10 global exchange) confirm will be listing Electroneum ASAP.765,000 live ETN users. Over $750m (USD) of ETN traded in first 40 days.Mobile miner app enabled for 20,000 beta testers.Agreement signed with Unified taking our mobile user reach to 130m users.Rich joining panel discussion at Mobile World Congress 2018 Barcelona.Android Mobile Miner launched.ETN listed on KuCoin.ETN listed on Bitbns and CoinSpot (Ability to trade in fiat currency).Patent pending secured.Electroneum (ETN) is a a mobile cryptocurrency, that allows mining and offers a wallet for smart phones, designed for simplicity. The Electroneum ICO start date was in September 14, 2017.
Electroneum has been designed and built to give ordinary, non-technical users a chance to obtain and enjoy a cryptocurrency. They have developed an iOS and Android app that not only contains easy wallet functions, but also allows a smartphone mobile mining experience to let anybody get into; cryptocurrency within minutes of downloading a free app. Their blockchain has been specifically chosen and modified to limit the ability of ASIC and GPU miners, allowing the 2 billion + smartphone users to run the blockchain. ASIC resistance has yet to be put into place. 
Electroneum is the first cryptocurrency designed around mobile reality of today.
ETN is a token of Electroneum project, which can be mined with the help of smartphone. On May 18, 2018 Electroneum price was 0,022 USD for 1 coin. Moreover, you can use electroneum mining pools to mine blocks and earn money.
Electroneum Twitter
Electroneum Facebook
Electroneum Reddit
Telegram
Slack
Electroneum official website
ETN White Paper
TokenMarket


